Enumeration Case

# SKProductDiscount.PaymentMode.payAsYouGo

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is billed
over a single or multiple billing periods.

iOS 11.2+  iPadOS 11.2+  macOS 10.13.2+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.2+
watchOS 6.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case payAsYouGo = 0

## Discussion

With a pay as you go payment mode, users pay the discounted price at each
billing period during the discount period.

## See Also

### Discount Price Payment Modes

`case payUpFront`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is paid up
front.

`case freeTrial`

A constant that indicates that the payment mode is a free trial.

Enumeration Case

# SKProductDiscount.PaymentMode.payUpFront

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is paid up
front.

iOS 11.2+  iPadOS 11.2+  macOS 10.13.2+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.2+
watchOS 6.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case payUpFront = 1

## Discussion

With a pay up front payment mode, users pay the discounted price one time, and
receive the product for duration of the discount period.

## See Also

### Discount Price Payment Modes

`case payAsYouGo`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is billed
over a single or multiple billing periods.

`case freeTrial`

A constant that indicates that the payment mode is a free trial.

Enumeration Case

# SKProductDiscount.PaymentMode.freeTrial

A constant that indicates that the payment mode is a free trial.

iOS 11.2+  iPadOS 11.2+  macOS 10.13.2+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.2+
watchOS 6.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case freeTrial = 2

## Discussion

With a free trial payment mode, the price is 0, so users pay nothing during
the discount period.

## See Also

### Discount Price Payment Modes

`case payAsYouGo`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is billed
over a single or multiple billing periods.

`case payUpFront`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is paid up
front.

Enumeration Case

# SKProductDiscount.PaymentMode.payAsYouGo

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is billed
over a single or multiple billing periods.

iOS 11.2+  iPadOS 11.2+  macOS 10.13.2+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.2+
watchOS 6.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case payAsYouGo = 0

## Discussion

With a pay as you go payment mode, users pay the discounted price at each
billing period during the discount period.

## See Also

### Discount Price Payment Modes

`case payUpFront`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is paid up
front.

`case freeTrial`

A constant that indicates that the payment mode is a free trial.

Enumeration Case

# SKProductDiscount.PaymentMode.payUpFront

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is paid up
front.

iOS 11.2+  iPadOS 11.2+  macOS 10.13.2+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.2+
watchOS 6.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case payUpFront = 1

## Discussion

With a pay up front payment mode, users pay the discounted price one time, and
receive the product for duration of the discount period.

## See Also

### Discount Price Payment Modes

`case payAsYouGo`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is billed
over a single or multiple billing periods.

`case freeTrial`

A constant that indicates that the payment mode is a free trial.

Enumeration Case

# SKProductDiscount.PaymentMode.freeTrial

A constant that indicates that the payment mode is a free trial.

iOS 11.2+  iPadOS 11.2+  macOS 10.13.2+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.2+
watchOS 6.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case freeTrial = 2

## Discussion

With a free trial payment mode, the price is 0, so users pay nothing during
the discount period.

## See Also

### Discount Price Payment Modes

`case payAsYouGo`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is billed
over a single or multiple billing periods.

`case payUpFront`

A constant indicating that the payment mode of a product discount is paid up
front.

