Type Property

# allowsDirectInteraction

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# causesPageTurn

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isButton

The accessibility element is a button.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isHeader

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isImage

The accessibility element is an image.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isKeyboardKey

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isLink

The accessibility element is a link.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isModal

The accessibility element is modal.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits

## Discussion

Use this trait to restrict which accessibility elements an assistive
technology can navigate. When a modal accessibility element is visible,
sibling accessibility elements that are not modal are ignored.

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isSearchField

The accessibility element is a search field.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isSelected

The accessibility element is currently selected.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isStaticText

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isSummaryElement

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits

## Discussion

Use this trait to characterize an accessibility element that provides a
summary of current conditions, settings, or state, like the temperature in the
Weather app.

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# isToggle

The accessibility element is a toggle.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# playsSound

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# startsMediaSession

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits

## Discussion

Use this trait to silence the audio output of an assistive technology, such as
VoiceOver, during a media session that should not be interrupted. For example,
you might use this trait to silence VoiceOver speech while the user is
recording audio.

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

Type Property

# updatesFrequently

The accessibility element frequently updates its label or value.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let updatesFrequently: AccessibilityTraits

## Discussion

Use this trait when you want an assistive technology to poll for changes when
it needs updated information. For example, you might use this trait to
characterize the readout of a stopwatch.

## See Also

### Getting traits

`static let allowsDirectInteraction: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element allows direct touch interaction for VoiceOver users.

`static let causesPageTurn: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element causes an automatic page turn when VoiceOver
finishes reading the text within it.

`static let isButton: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a button.

`static let isHeader: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a header that divides content into sections, like
the title of a navigation bar.

`static let isImage: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is an image.

`static let isKeyboardKey: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element behaves as a keyboard key.

`static let isLink: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a link.

`static let isModal: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is modal.

`static let isSearchField: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a search field.

`static let isSelected: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is currently selected.

`static let isStaticText: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a static text that cannot be modified by the
user.

`static let isSummaryElement: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element provides summary information when the application
starts.

`static let isToggle: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element is a toggle.

`static let playsSound: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element plays its own sound when activated.

`static let startsMediaSession: AccessibilityTraits`

The accessibility element starts a media session when it is activated.

