Type Property

# textFields

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all text fields.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var textFields: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through text

`static var boldText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of bolded text.

`static var italicText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of italicized
text.

`static var underlineText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of underlined
text.

`static var misspelledWords: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of mis-spelled
words.

Type Property

# boldText

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of bolded text.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var boldText: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through text

`static var textFields: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all text fields.

`static var italicText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of italicized
text.

`static var underlineText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of underlined
text.

`static var misspelledWords: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of mis-spelled
words.

Type Property

# italicText

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of italicized
text.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var italicText: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through text

`static var textFields: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all text fields.

`static var boldText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of bolded text.

`static var underlineText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of underlined
text.

`static var misspelledWords: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of mis-spelled
words.

Type Property

# underlineText

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of underlined
text.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var underlineText: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through text

`static var textFields: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all text fields.

`static var boldText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of bolded text.

`static var italicText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of italicized
text.

`static var misspelledWords: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of mis-spelled
words.

Type Property

# misspelledWords

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of mis-spelled
words.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var misspelledWords: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through text

`static var textFields: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all text fields.

`static var boldText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of bolded text.

`static var italicText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of italicized
text.

`static var underlineText: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all the ranges of underlined
text.

Type Property

# headings

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all headings.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var headings: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through headings

`static func headings(level: AccessibilityHeadingLevel) ->
AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotors allowing users to iterate through all headings, of various
heading levels.

Type Method

# headings(level:)

System Rotors allowing users to iterate through all headings, of various
heading levels.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func headings(level: AccessibilityHeadingLevel) -> AccessibilitySystemRotor

## See Also

### Iterating through headings

`static var headings: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all headings.

Type Property

# links

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all links.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var links: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through links

`static func links(visited: Bool) -> AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotors allowing users to iterate through links or visited links.

Type Method

# links(visited:)

System Rotors allowing users to iterate through links or visited links.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func links(visited: Bool) -> AccessibilitySystemRotor

## See Also

### Iterating through links

`static var links: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all links.

Type Property

# images

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all images.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var images: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through other elements

`static var landmarks: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all landmarks.

`static var lists: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all lists.

`static var tables: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all tables.

Type Property

# landmarks

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all landmarks.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var landmarks: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through other elements

`static var images: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all images.

`static var lists: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all lists.

`static var tables: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all tables.

Type Property

# lists

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all lists.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var lists: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through other elements

`static var images: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all images.

`static var landmarks: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all landmarks.

`static var tables: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all tables.

Type Property

# tables

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all tables.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var tables: AccessibilitySystemRotor { get }

## See Also

### Iterating through other elements

`static var images: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all images.

`static var landmarks: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all landmarks.

`static var lists: AccessibilitySystemRotor`

System Rotor allowing users to iterate through all lists.

