Instance Method

# animate(value:time:context:)

Calculates the value of the animation at the specified time.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func animate<V>(
        value: V,
        time: TimeInterval,
        context: inout AnimationContext<V>
    ) -> V? where V : VectorArithmetic

**Required**

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The vector to animate towards.

`time`

    

The elapsed time since the start of the animation.

`context`

    

An instance of `AnimationContext` that provides access to state and the
animation environment.

## Return Value

The current value of the animation, or `nil` if the animation has finished.

## Discussion

Implement this method to calculate and return the value of the animation at a
given point in time. If the animation has finished, return `nil` as the value.
This signals to the system that it can remove the animation.

If your custom animation needs to maintain state between calls to the
`animate(value:time:context:)` method, store the state data in `context`. This
makes the data available to the method next time the system calls it. To learn
more about managing state data in a custom animation, see `AnimationContext`.

Instance Method

# velocity(value:time:context:)

Calculates the velocity of the animation at a specified time.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func velocity<V>(
        value: V,
        time: TimeInterval,
        context: AnimationContext<V>
    ) -> V? where V : VectorArithmetic

**Required** Default implementation provided.

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The vector to animate towards.

`time`

    

The amount of time since the start of the animation.

`context`

    

An instance of `AnimationContext` that provides access to state and the
animation environment.

## Return Value

The current velocity of the animation, or `nil` if the animation has finished.

## Discussion

Implement this method to provide the velocity of the animation at a given
time. Should subsequent animations merge with the animation, the system
preserves continuity of the velocity between animations.

The default implementation of this method returns `nil`.

Note

State and environment data is available to this method via the `context`
parameter, but `context` is read-only. This behavior is different than with
`animate(value:time:context:)` and `shouldMerge(previous:value:time:context:)`
where `context` is an `inout` parameter, letting you change the context
including state data of the animation. For more information about managing
state data in a custom animation, see `AnimationContext`.

## Default Implementations

### CustomAnimation Implementations

`func velocity<V>(value: V, time: TimeInterval, context: AnimationContext<V>)
-> V?`

Calculates the velocity of the animation at a specified time.

Instance Method

# shouldMerge(previous:value:time:context:)

Determines whether an instance of the animation can merge with other instance
of the same type.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func shouldMerge<V>(
        previous: Animation,
        value: V,
        time: TimeInterval,
        context: inout AnimationContext<V>
    ) -> Bool where V : VectorArithmetic

**Required** Default implementation provided.

##  Parameters

`previous`

    

The previous running animation.

`value`

    

The vector to animate towards.

`time`

    

The amount of time since the start of the previous animation.

`context`

    

An instance of `AnimationContext` that provides access to state and the
animation environment.

## Return Value

A Boolean value of `true` if the animation should merge with the previous
animation; otherwise, `false`.

## Discussion

When a view creates a new animation on an animatable value that already has a
running animation of the same animation type, the system calls the
`shouldMerge(previous:value:time:context:)` method on the new instance to
determine whether it can merge the two instance. Implement this method if the
animation can merge with another instance. The default implementation returns
`false`.

If `shouldMerge(previous:value:time:context:)` returns `true`, the system
merges the new animation instance with the previous animation. The system
provides to the new instance the state and elapsed time from the previous one.
Then it removes the previous animation.

If this method returns `false`, the system doesnâ€™t merge the animation with
the previous one. Instead, both animations run together and the system
combines their results.

If your custom animation needs to maintain state between calls to the
`shouldMerge(previous:value:time:context:)` method, store the state data in
`context`. This makes the data available to the method next time the system
calls it. To learn more, see `AnimationContext`.

## Default Implementations

### CustomAnimation Implementations

`func shouldMerge<V>(previous: Animation, value: V, time: TimeInterval,
context: inout AnimationContext<V>) -> Bool`

Determines whether an instance of the animation can merge with other instance
of the same type.

