Case

# Image.Orientation.up

A value that indicates the original pixel data matches the image’s intended
display orientation.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case up

## See Also

### Getting image orientations

`case down`

A value that indicates a 180° rotation of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case left`

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case right`

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation of the image from the
orientation of its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.down

A value that indicates a 180° rotation of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case down

## See Also

### Getting image orientations

`case up`

A value that indicates the original pixel data matches the image’s intended
display orientation.

`case left`

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case right`

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation of the image from the
orientation of its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.left

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case left

## See Also

### Getting image orientations

`case up`

A value that indicates the original pixel data matches the image’s intended
display orientation.

`case down`

A value that indicates a 180° rotation of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case right`

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation of the image from the
orientation of its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.right

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation of the image from the
orientation of its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case right

## See Also

### Getting image orientations

`case up`

A value that indicates the original pixel data matches the image’s intended
display orientation.

`case down`

A value that indicates a 180° rotation of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case left`

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.upMirrored

A value that indicates a horizontal flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case upMirrored

## See Also

### Getting mirrored image orientation

`case downMirrored`

A value that indicates a vertical flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case leftMirrored`

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation and horizontal flip of the
image from the orientation of its original pixel data.

`case rightMirrored`

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation and horizontal flip
from the orientation of its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.downMirrored

A value that indicates a vertical flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case downMirrored

## See Also

### Getting mirrored image orientation

`case upMirrored`

A value that indicates a horizontal flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case leftMirrored`

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation and horizontal flip of the
image from the orientation of its original pixel data.

`case rightMirrored`

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation and horizontal flip
from the orientation of its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.leftMirrored

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation and horizontal flip of the
image from the orientation of its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case leftMirrored

## See Also

### Getting mirrored image orientation

`case upMirrored`

A value that indicates a horizontal flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case downMirrored`

A value that indicates a vertical flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case rightMirrored`

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation and horizontal flip
from the orientation of its original pixel data.

Case

# Image.Orientation.rightMirrored

A value that indicates a 90° counterclockwise rotation and horizontal flip
from the orientation of its original pixel data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case rightMirrored

## See Also

### Getting mirrored image orientation

`case upMirrored`

A value that indicates a horizontal flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case downMirrored`

A value that indicates a vertical flip of the image from the orientation of
its original pixel data.

`case leftMirrored`

A value that indicates a 90° clockwise rotation and horizontal flip of the
image from the orientation of its original pixel data.

