Initializer

# init(initialValue:repeating:content:keyframes:)

Loops the given keyframes continuously, updating the view using the modifiers
you apply in `body`.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        initialValue: Value,
        repeating: Bool = true,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (Value) -> Content,
        @KeyframesBuilder<Value> keyframes: @escaping (Value) -> KeyframePath
    )

##  Parameters

`initialValue`

    

The initial value that the keyframes will animate from.

`repeating`

    

Whether the keyframes are currently repeating. If false, the value at the
beginning of the keyframe timeline will be provided to the content closure.

`content`

    

A view builder closure that takes the interpolated value generated by the
keyframes as its single argument.

`keyframes`

    

Keyframes defining how the value changes over time. The current value of the
animator is the single argument, which is equal to `initialValue` when the
view first appears, then is equal to the end value of the previous keyframe
animation on subsequent calls.

## Discussion

Note that the `content` closure will be updated on every frame while
animating, so avoid performing any expensive operations directly within
`content`.

## See Also

### Creating a phase animator

`init(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable, content: (Value) ->
Content, keyframes: (Value) -> KeyframePath)`

Plays the given keyframes when the given trigger value changes, updating the
view using the modifiers you apply in `body`.

Initializer

# init(initialValue:trigger:content:keyframes:)

Plays the given keyframes when the given trigger value changes, updating the
view using the modifiers you apply in `body`.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        initialValue: Value,
        trigger: some Equatable,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (Value) -> Content,
        @KeyframesBuilder<Value> keyframes: @escaping (Value) -> KeyframePath
    )

##  Parameters

`initialValue`

    

The initial value that the keyframes will animate from.

`trigger`

    

A value to observe for changes.

`content`

    

A view builder closure that takes the interpolated value generated by the
keyframes as its single argument.

`keyframes`

    

Keyframes defining how the value changes over time. The current value of the
animator is the single argument, which is equal to `initialValue` when the
view first appears, then is equal to the end value of the previous keyframe
animation on subsequent calls.

## Discussion

Note that the `content` closure will be updated on every frame while
animating, so avoid performing any expensive operations directly within
`content`.

If the trigger value changes while animating, the `keyframes` closure will be
called with the current interpolated value, and the keyframes that you return
define a new animation that replaces the old one. The previous velocity will
be preserved, so cubic or spring keyframes will maintain continuity from the
previous animation if they do not specify a custom initial velocity.

When a keyframe animation finishes, the animator will remain at the end value,
which becomes the initial value for the next animation.

## See Also

### Creating a phase animator

`init(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content: (Value) -> Content,
keyframes: (Value) -> KeyframePath)`

Loops the given keyframes continuously, updating the view using the modifiers
you apply in `body`.

