Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue value: Value,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value : VectorArithmetic

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue point: CGPoint,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == CGPoint

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue size: CGSize,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == CGSize

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue size: Size3D,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == Size3D

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue point: Point3D,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == Point3D

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue value: Value,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == CGFloat

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue rect: CGRect,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == CGRect

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Rect3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Initializer

# init(wrappedValue:from:)

Creates a value that maps the specified `Rect3D`, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        wrappedValue rect: Rect3D,
        from unit: UnitLength
    ) where Value == Rect3D

## See Also

### Creating a metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified set of physical length measurements,
in the specified unit, to a corresponding set of values measured in points in
the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGPoint, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGSize, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Size3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified size, in the specified unit to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Point3D, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified point, whose dimensions are specified
in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the corresponding value
in points in the associated scene.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified single physical length measurement, in
the specified unit, to the corresponding value in points in the associated
scene.

`init(wrappedValue: CGRect, from: UnitLength)`

Creates a value that maps the specified rectangle, whose dimensions are
specified in physical length measurements in the given unit, to the
corresponding value in points in the associated scene.

Instance Property

# wrappedValue

A value in points in the coordinate system of the associated scene.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var wrappedValue: Value { get }

