Type Property

# zero

The origin of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let zero: UnitPoint

## Discussion

A view’s origin appears in the top-left corner in a left-to-right language
environment, with positive x toward the right. It appears in the top-right
corner in a right-to-left language, with positive x toward the left. Positive
y is always toward the bottom of the view.

Type Property

# topLeading

A point that’s in the top, leading corner of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topLeading: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `topLeading` alignment. The leading edge appears on the
left in a left-to-right language environment and on the right in a right-to-
left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let top: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top edge of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the top, trailing corner of a view.

Type Property

# top

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top edge of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let top: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `top` alignment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the top, leading corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the top, trailing corner of a view.

Type Property

# topTrailing

A point that’s in the top, trailing corner of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topTrailing: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `topTrailing` alignment. The trailing edge appears on the
right in a left-to-right language environment and on the left in a right-to-
left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the top, leading corner of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top edge of a view.

Type Property

# leading

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading edge of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let leading: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `leading` alignment. The leading edge appears on the left
in a left-to-right language environment and on the right in a right-to-left
environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let center: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing edge of a view.

Type Property

# center

A point that’s centered in a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let center: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `center` alignment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leading: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing edge of a view.

Type Property

# trailing

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing edge of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let trailing: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `trailing` alignment. The trailing edge appears on the
right in a left-to-right language environment and on the left in a right-to-
left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leading: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading edge of a view.

`static let center: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered in a view.

Type Property

# bottomLeading

A point that’s in the bottom, leading corner of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `bottomLeading` alignment. The leading edge appears on
the left in a left-to-right language environment and on the right in a right-
to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottom: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the bottom, trailing corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottom

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom edge of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottom: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `bottom` alignment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the bottom, leading corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the bottom, trailing corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomTrailing

A point that’s in the bottom, trailing corner of a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint

## Discussion

This point occupies the position where the horizontal and vertical alignment
guides intersect for `bottomTrailing` alignment. The trailing edge appears on
the right in a left-to-right language environment and on the left in a right-
to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint`

A point that’s in the bottom, leading corner of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom edge of a view.

Initializer

# init()

Creates a unit point at the origin.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()

## Discussion

A view’s origin appears in the top-left corner in a left-to-right language
environment, with positive x toward the right. It appears in the top-right
corner in a right-to-left language, with positive x toward the left. Positive
y is always toward the bottom of the view.

## See Also

### Creating a point

`init(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat)`

Creates a unit point with the specified horizontal and vertical offsets.

Initializer

# init(x:y:)

Creates a unit point with the specified horizontal and vertical offsets.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        x: CGFloat,
        y: CGFloat
    )

##  Parameters

`x`

    

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
direction.

`y`

    

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
direction.

## Discussion

Values outside the range `[0, 1]` project to points outside of a view.

## See Also

### Creating a point

`init()`

Creates a unit point at the origin.

Instance Property

# x

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
direction.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var x: CGFloat

## See Also

### Getting the point’s coordinates

`var y: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
dimension.

Instance Property

# y

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
dimension.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var y: CGFloat

## See Also

### Getting the point’s coordinates

`var x: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
direction.

