Type Property

# origin

The origin of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let origin: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

A view’s origin appears in the top-left-back corner in a left-to-right
language environment, with positive x toward the right. It appears in the top-
right-back corner in a right-to-left language, with positive x toward the
left. Positive y is always toward the bottom of the view, and positive z
points toward the front.

## See Also

### Getting the origin

`static let zero: UnitPoint3D`

A 3D unit point with all components equal to zero.

Type Property

# zero

A 3D unit point with all components equal to zero.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let zero: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

This point is equivalent to the `origin`. A view’s origin appears in the top-
left-back corner in a left-to-right language environment, with positive x
toward the right. It appears in the top-right-back corner in a right-to-left
language, with positive x toward the left. Positive y is always toward the
bottom of the view, and positive z points toward the front.

## See Also

### Getting the origin

`static let origin: UnitPoint3D`

The origin of a view.

Type Property

# topLeadingBack

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topLeading

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topLeadingFront

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topBack

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topBack: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# top

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let top: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topFront

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topFront: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topTrailingBack

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topTrailing

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# topTrailingFront

A point that’s in the top-trailing-front corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let topTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting top points

`static let topLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let topLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-leading edge of a
view.

`static let topLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let topBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-back edge of a view.

`static let top: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the top
face of a view.

`static let topFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the top-front edge of a view.

`static let topTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the top-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let topTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the top-trailing edge of a
view.

Type Property

# leadingBack

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# leading

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let leading: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# leadingFront

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# back

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let back: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# center

A point that’s centered in a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let center: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# front

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let front: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# trailingBack

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# trailing

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let trailing: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

Type Property

# trailingFront

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-front edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let trailingFront: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting middle points

`static let leadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-back edge of a view.

`static let leading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the leading
face of a view.

`static let leadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the leading-front edge of a view.

`static let back: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the back face of a
view.

`static let center: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in a view.

`static let front: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and vertically on the front face of a
view.

`static let trailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically on the trailing-back edge of a view.

`static let trailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered vertically and in the depth dimension on the trailing
face of a view.

Type Property

# bottomLeadingBack

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomLeading

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomLeadingFront

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The leading edge appears on the left in a left-to-right language environment
and on the right in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomBack

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottom

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottom: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomFront

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomTrailingBack

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomTrailing

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

Type Property

# bottomTrailingFront

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-front corner of a view.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomTrailingFront: UnitPoint3D

## Discussion

The trailing edge appears on the right in a left-to-right language environment
and on the left in a right-to-left environment.

## See Also

### Getting bottom points

`static let bottomLeadingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomLeading: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-leading edge of a
view.

`static let bottomLeadingFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-leading-front corner of a view.

`static let bottomBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-back edge of a view.

`static let bottom: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally and in the depth dimension on the bottom
face of a view.

`static let bottomFront: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered horizontally on the bottom-front edge of a view.

`static let bottomTrailingBack: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s in the bottom-trailing-back corner of a view.

`static let bottomTrailing: UnitPoint3D`

A point that’s centered in the depth dimension on the bottom-trailing edge of
a view.

Initializer

# init()

Creates a 3D unit point at the origin.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()

## Discussion

A view’s origin appears in the top-left-back corner in a left-to-right
language environment, with positive x toward the right. It appears in the top-
right-back corner in a right-to-left language, with positive x toward the
left. Positive y is always toward the bottom of the view, and positive z
points toward the front.

## See Also

### Creating a point

`init(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat)`

Creates a 3D unit point with the specified offsets.

Initializer

# init(x:y:z:)

Creates a 3D unit point with the specified offsets.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        x: CGFloat,
        y: CGFloat,
        z: CGFloat
    )

##  Parameters

`x`

    

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
dimension.

`y`

    

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
dimension.

`z`

    

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the depth dimension.

## Discussion

Values outside the range `[0, 1]` project to points outside of a view.

## See Also

### Creating a point

`init()`

Creates a 3D unit point at the origin.

Instance Property

# x

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
direction.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var x: CGFloat

## See Also

### Getting the point’s coordinates

`var y: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
dimension.

`var z: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the depth dimension.

Instance Property

# y

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
dimension.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var y: CGFloat

## See Also

### Getting the point’s coordinates

`var x: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
direction.

`var z: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the depth dimension.

Instance Property

# z

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the depth dimension.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var z: CGFloat

## See Also

### Getting the point’s coordinates

`var x: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the horizontal
direction.

`var y: CGFloat`

The normalized distance from the origin to the point in the vertical
dimension.

