Initializer

# init()

Creates a notification hosting controller object that you can use to implement
your notification interfaces using SwiftUI views.

watchOS 6.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    override dynamic init()

Instance Property

# body

The root view of the view hierarchy to display for your notification
interface.

watchOS 6.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    var body: Body { get }

## Discussion

Override this property and return the root view of your SwiftUI view hierarchy
from your implementation. If you donâ€™t override this property, accessing the
default implementation triggers an exception.

Type Property

# coalescedDescriptionFormat

The format string to display when multiple notifications of the same type
arrive simultaneously. If you specify a custom string, you can use the %d
variable to reflect the number of notifications. If `nil` format will be the
system default.

watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    class var coalescedDescriptionFormat: String? { get }

## Discussion

Default value is `nil`

## See Also

### Configuring the notification

`class var isInteractive: Bool`

If the notification should accept user input.

`class var sashColor: Color?`

Color to use within the sash of the long look interface. If `nil` the sash
will be the default system color.

`class var subtitleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the subtitle text displayed in the short look interface.
If `nil` the text will be the default system color.

`class var titleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the text displayed in the sash. If `nil` the text will
be the default system color.

`class var wantsSashBlur: Bool`

If the sash should include a blur over the background.

Type Property

# isInteractive

If the notification should accept user input.

watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    class var isInteractive: Bool { get }

## Discussion

Default value is `false`

## See Also

### Configuring the notification

`class var coalescedDescriptionFormat: String?`

The format string to display when multiple notifications of the same type
arrive simultaneously. If you specify a custom string, you can use the %d
variable to reflect the number of notifications. If `nil` format will be the
system default.

`class var sashColor: Color?`

Color to use within the sash of the long look interface. If `nil` the sash
will be the default system color.

`class var subtitleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the subtitle text displayed in the short look interface.
If `nil` the text will be the default system color.

`class var titleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the text displayed in the sash. If `nil` the text will
be the default system color.

`class var wantsSashBlur: Bool`

If the sash should include a blur over the background.

Type Property

# sashColor

Color to use within the sash of the long look interface. If `nil` the sash
will be the default system color.

watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    class var sashColor: Color? { get }

## Discussion

Default value is `nil`

## See Also

### Configuring the notification

`class var coalescedDescriptionFormat: String?`

The format string to display when multiple notifications of the same type
arrive simultaneously. If you specify a custom string, you can use the %d
variable to reflect the number of notifications. If `nil` format will be the
system default.

`class var isInteractive: Bool`

If the notification should accept user input.

`class var subtitleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the subtitle text displayed in the short look interface.
If `nil` the text will be the default system color.

`class var titleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the text displayed in the sash. If `nil` the text will
be the default system color.

`class var wantsSashBlur: Bool`

If the sash should include a blur over the background.

Type Property

# subtitleColor

The color to apply to the subtitle text displayed in the short look interface.
If `nil` the text will be the default system color.

watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    class var subtitleColor: Color? { get }

## Discussion

Default value is `nil`

## See Also

### Configuring the notification

`class var coalescedDescriptionFormat: String?`

The format string to display when multiple notifications of the same type
arrive simultaneously. If you specify a custom string, you can use the %d
variable to reflect the number of notifications. If `nil` format will be the
system default.

`class var isInteractive: Bool`

If the notification should accept user input.

`class var sashColor: Color?`

Color to use within the sash of the long look interface. If `nil` the sash
will be the default system color.

`class var titleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the text displayed in the sash. If `nil` the text will
be the default system color.

`class var wantsSashBlur: Bool`

If the sash should include a blur over the background.

Type Property

# titleColor

The color to apply to the text displayed in the sash. If `nil` the text will
be the default system color.

watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    class var titleColor: Color? { get }

## Discussion

Default value is `nil`

## See Also

### Configuring the notification

`class var coalescedDescriptionFormat: String?`

The format string to display when multiple notifications of the same type
arrive simultaneously. If you specify a custom string, you can use the %d
variable to reflect the number of notifications. If `nil` format will be the
system default.

`class var isInteractive: Bool`

If the notification should accept user input.

`class var sashColor: Color?`

Color to use within the sash of the long look interface. If `nil` the sash
will be the default system color.

`class var subtitleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the subtitle text displayed in the short look interface.
If `nil` the text will be the default system color.

`class var wantsSashBlur: Bool`

If the sash should include a blur over the background.

Type Property

# wantsSashBlur

If the sash should include a blur over the background.

watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    @MainActor
    class var wantsSashBlur: Bool { get }

## Discussion

Default value is `false`

## See Also

### Configuring the notification

`class var coalescedDescriptionFormat: String?`

The format string to display when multiple notifications of the same type
arrive simultaneously. If you specify a custom string, you can use the %d
variable to reflect the number of notifications. If `nil` format will be the
system default.

`class var isInteractive: Bool`

If the notification should accept user input.

`class var sashColor: Color?`

Color to use within the sash of the long look interface. If `nil` the sash
will be the default system color.

`class var subtitleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the subtitle text displayed in the short look interface.
If `nil` the text will be the default system color.

`class var titleColor: Color?`

The color to apply to the text displayed in the sash. If `nil` the text will
be the default system color.

