Protocol

# LibraryContentProvider

A source of Xcode library and code completion content.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol LibraryContentProvider

## Overview

Xcode discovers implementations of the `LibraryContentProvider` protocol in
your project or workspace and examines their contents for items that it can
add to the Xcode library. Add views by implementing the content providerâ€™s
computed `views` property, and returning an array of `LibraryItem` instances
initialized with the views you want to publish:

Add view modifiers by implementing the `modifiers(base:)` method and similarly
returning an array of library items initialized with the modifiers you want to
publish. For view modifiers, you also specify the type to which the modifiers
apply:

For modifiers that you define in an extension to `View`, you can provide any
view conformer as the `base`. For modifiers that you define on a particular
view type, provide that type as the `base`.

## Topics

### Adding Views

`var views: [LibraryItem]`

The SwiftUI views that you want to add to the Xcode library.

**Required** Default implementation provided.

### Adding Modifiers

`func modifiers(base: Self.ModifierBase) -> [LibraryItem]`

Indicates a collection of SwiftUI view modifiers to add to the Xcode library.

**Required** Default implementation provided.

`associatedtype ModifierBase = Any`

A type to use as a base for modifier completions.

**Required**

### Building Arrays

`struct LibraryContentBuilder`

A function builder for generating arrays of library items without requiring
full array literal syntax.

## See Also

### Library Customization

`struct LibraryItem`

A single item to add to the Xcode library.

Structure

# LibraryItem

A single item to add to the Xcode library.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct LibraryItem

## Overview

Declare a library item to describe an entry in the Xcode library. Xcode
discovers and validates library items that you place in the context of a
`LibraryContentProvider` instance.

At a minimum, you provide an expression that Xcode uses when the user chooses
the library item. You can provide any expression that compiles in the context
of the library item instantiation. However, Xcode only honors items that
adhere to certain restrictions, as described in `views` and
`modifiers(base:)`.

You can also provide additional characteristics, like a title and a category,
to help you find the item when searching the library.

## Topics

### Creating a Library Item

`init<SnippetExpressionType>(() -> SnippetExpressionType, visible: Bool,
title: String?, category: LibraryItem.Category, matchingSignature: String?)`

Creates a new library item.

`struct Category`

The kinds of library items that you can create.

## See Also

### Library Customization

`protocol LibraryContentProvider`

A source of Xcode library and code completion content.

