Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.statusOnly

The status of the persistent history change request.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case statusOnly = 0

## See Also

### Result Types

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.count

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case count = 2

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.objectIDs

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case objectIDs = 1

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.transactionsAndChanges

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transactionsAndChanges = 5

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.transactionsOnly

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transactionsOnly = 3

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.changesOnly

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case changesOnly = 4

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

