# TableColumnAlignment

Type Property

# automatic

The default column alignment.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment { get }

## Discussion

This is equivalent to `leading`.

## See Also

### Getting the alignment

`static var leading: TableColumnAlignment`

Leading column alignment.

`static var center: TableColumnAlignment`

Center column alignment.

`static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment`

Trailing column alignment.

`static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

`static func numeric(Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

Type Property

# leading

Leading column alignment.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var leading: TableColumnAlignment { get }

## Discussion

With a `layoutDirection` of `leftToRight`, this is equivalent to left; and
with a `layoutDirection` of `rightToLeft`, this is equivalent to right.

## See Also

### Getting the alignment

`static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment`

The default column alignment.

`static var center: TableColumnAlignment`

Center column alignment.

`static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment`

Trailing column alignment.

`static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

`static func numeric(Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

Type Property

# center

Center column alignment.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var center: TableColumnAlignment { get }

## See Also

### Getting the alignment

`static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment`

The default column alignment.

`static var leading: TableColumnAlignment`

Leading column alignment.

`static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment`

Trailing column alignment.

`static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

`static func numeric(Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

Type Property

# trailing

Trailing column alignment.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment { get }

## Discussion

With a `layoutDirection` of `leftToRight`, this is equivalent to right; and
with a `layoutDirection` of `rightToLeft`, this is equivalent to left.

## See Also

### Getting the alignment

`static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment`

The default column alignment.

`static var leading: TableColumnAlignment`

Leading column alignment.

`static var center: TableColumnAlignment`

Center column alignment.

`static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

`static func numeric(Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

Type Property

# numeric

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment { get }

## Discussion

Use this alignment when a table column is primarily displaying numeric
content, so that the values are easy to visually scan and compare.

This uses the current locale’s numbering system to determine the alignment:

  * For left to right numbering systems, this is equivalent to right.

  * For right to left numbering systems, this is equivalent to left.

## See Also

### Getting the alignment

`static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment`

The default column alignment.

`static var leading: TableColumnAlignment`

Leading column alignment.

`static var center: TableColumnAlignment`

Center column alignment.

`static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment`

Trailing column alignment.

`static func numeric(Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

Type Method

# numeric(_:)

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func numeric(_ numberingSystem: Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment

## Discussion

Use this alignment when a table column is primarily displaying numeric
content, so that the values are easy to visually scan and compare.

This uses the provided numbering system to determine the alignment:

  * For left to right numbering systems, this is equivalent to right.

  * For right to left numbering systems, this is equivalent to left.

## See Also

### Getting the alignment

`static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment`

The default column alignment.

`static var leading: TableColumnAlignment`

Leading column alignment.

`static var center: TableColumnAlignment`

Center column alignment.

`static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment`

Trailing column alignment.

`static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.



# Transferable Implementations

Type Property

# transferRepresentation

One group of colors–constant colors–created with explicitly specified
component values are transferred as is.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var transferRepresentation: some TransferRepresentation { get }

## Discussion

Another group of colors–standard colors, like `Color.mint`, and semantic
colors, like `Color.accentColor`–are rendered on screen differently depending
on the current `Environment`. For transferring, they are resolved against the
default environment and might produce a slightly different result at the
destination if the source of drag or copy uses a non-default environment.



# ToolbarCustomizationBehavior

Type Property

# default

The default customization behavior.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var `default`: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior { get }

## Discussion

Items with this behavior start in the toolbar and can be moved or removed from
the toolbar by the user.

## See Also

### Getting customization behaviors

`static var disabled: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The disabled customization behavior.

`static var reorderable: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The reorderable customization behavior.

Type Property

# disabled

The disabled customization behavior.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var disabled: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior { get }

## Discussion

Items with this behavior may not be removed or moved by the user. They will be
placed before other customizatable items. Use this behavior for the most
important items that users need for the app to do common functionality.

## See Also

### Getting customization behaviors

`static var `default`: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The default customization behavior.

`static var reorderable: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The reorderable customization behavior.

Type Property

# reorderable

The reorderable customization behavior.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var reorderable: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior { get }

## Discussion

Items with this behavior start in the toolbar and can be moved within the
toolbar by the user, but can not be removed from the toolbar.

## See Also

### Getting customization behaviors

`static var `default`: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The default customization behavior.

`static var disabled: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The disabled customization behavior.



# Text

Initializer

# init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)

Creates a text view that displays localized content identified by a key.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ key: LocalizedStringKey,
        tableName: String? = nil,
        bundle: Bundle? = nil,
        comment: StaticString? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The key for a string in the table identified by `tableName`.

`tableName`

    

The name of the string table to search. If `nil`, use the table in the
`Localizable.strings` file.

`bundle`

    

The bundle containing the strings file. If `nil`, use the main bundle.

`comment`

    

Contextual information about this key-value pair.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to look for the `key` parameter in a localization table
and display the associated string value in the initialized text view. If the
initializer can’t find the key in the table, or if no table exists, the text
view displays the string representation of the key instead.

When you initialize a text view with a string literal, the view triggers this
initializer because it assumes you want the string localized, even when you
don’t explicitly specify a table, as in the above example. If you haven’t
provided localization for a particular string, you still get reasonable
behavior, because the initializer displays the key, which typically contains
the unlocalized string.

If you initialize a text view with a string variable rather than a string
literal, the view triggers the `init(_:)` initializer instead, because it
assumes that you don’t want localization in that case. If you do want to
localize the value stored in a string variable, you can choose to call the
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)` initializer by first creating a
`LocalizedStringKey` instance from the string variable:

If you have a string literal that you don’t want to localize, use the
`init(verbatim:)` initializer instead.

### Styling localized strings with markdown

If the localized string or the fallback key contains Markdown, the view
displays the text with appropriate styling. For example, consider an app with
the following entry in its Spanish localization file:

You can create a `Text` view with the Markdown-formatted base language version
of the string as the localization key, like this:

When viewed in a Spanish locale, the view uses the Spanish text from the
strings file, applying the Markdown styling.

Important

`Text` doesn’t render all styling possible in Markdown. It doesn’t support
line breaks, soft breaks, or any style of paragraph- or block-based formatting
like lists, block quotes, code blocks, or tables. It also doesn’t support the
`imageURL` attribute. Parsing with SwiftUI treats any whitespace in the
Markdown string as described by the
`AttributedString.MarkdownParsingOptions.InterpretedSyntax.inlineOnlyPreservingWhitespace`
parsing option.

## See Also

### Creating a text view from a string

`init(LocalizedStringResource)`

Creates a text view that displays a localized string resource.

`init<S>(S)`

Creates a text view that displays a stored string without localization.

`init(verbatim: String)`

Creates a text view that displays a string literal without localization.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a text view that displays a localized string resource.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ resource: LocalizedStringResource)

## Discussion

Use this initializer to display a localized string that is represented by a
`LocalizedStringResource`

## See Also

### Creating a text view from a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, tableName: String?, bundle: Bundle?, comment:
StaticString?)`

Creates a text view that displays localized content identified by a key.

`init<S>(S)`

Creates a text view that displays a stored string without localization.

`init(verbatim: String)`

Creates a text view that displays a string literal without localization.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a text view that displays a stored string without localization.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(_ content: S) where S : StringProtocol

##  Parameters

`content`

    

The string value to display without localization.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text view that displays — without
localization — the text in a string variable.

SwiftUI doesn’t call the `init(_:)` method when you initialize a text view
with a string literal as the input. Instead, a string literal triggers the
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)` method — which treats the input as a
`LocalizedStringKey` instance — and attempts to perform localization.

By default, SwiftUI assumes that you don’t want to localize stored strings,
but if you do, you can first create a localized string key from the value, and
initialize the text view with that. Using a key as input triggers the
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)` method instead.

## See Also

### Creating a text view from a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, tableName: String?, bundle: Bundle?, comment:
StaticString?)`

Creates a text view that displays localized content identified by a key.

`init(LocalizedStringResource)`

Creates a text view that displays a localized string resource.

`init(verbatim: String)`

Creates a text view that displays a string literal without localization.

Initializer

# init(verbatim:)

Creates a text view that displays a string literal without localization.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(verbatim content: String)

##  Parameters

`content`

    

A string to display without localization.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text view with a string literal without
performing localization:

If you want to localize a string literal before displaying it, use the
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)` initializer instead. If you want to
display a string variable, use the `init(_:)` initializer, which also bypasses
localization.

## See Also

### Creating a text view from a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, tableName: String?, bundle: Bundle?, comment:
StaticString?)`

Creates a text view that displays localized content identified by a key.

`init(LocalizedStringResource)`

Creates a text view that displays a localized string resource.

`init<S>(S)`

Creates a text view that displays a stored string without localization.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a text view that displays styled attributed content.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ attributedContent: AttributedString)

##  Parameters

`attributedContent`

    

An attributed string to style and display, in accordance with its attributes.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to style text according to attributes found in the
specified `AttributedString`. Attributes in the attributed string take
precedence over styles added by view modifiers. For example, the attributed
text in the following example appears in blue, despite the use of the
`foregroundColor(_:)` modifier to use red throughout the enclosing `VStack`:

SwiftUI combines text attributes with SwiftUI modifiers whenever possible. For
example, the following listing creates text that is both bold and red:

A SwiftUI `Text` view renders most of the styles defined by the Foundation
attribute `inlinePresentationIntent`, like the `stronglyEmphasized` value,
which SwiftUI presents as bold text.

Important

`Text` uses only a subset of the attributes defined in
`AttributeScopes.FoundationAttributes`. `Text` renders all
`InlinePresentationIntent` attributes except for `lineBreak` and `softBreak`.
It also renders the `link` attribute as a clickable link. `Text` ignores any
other Foundation-defined attributes in an attributed string.

SwiftUI also defines additional attributes in the attribute scope
`AttributeScopes.SwiftUIAttributes` which you can access from an attributed
string’s `swiftUI` property. SwiftUI attributes take precedence over
equivalent attributes from other frameworks, such as
`AttributeScopes.UIKitAttributes` and `AttributeScopes.AppKitAttributes`.

You can create an `AttributedString` with Markdown syntax, which allows you to
style distinct runs within a `Text` view:

The `**` syntax around “Thank You!” applies an `inlinePresentationIntent`
attribute with the value `stronglyEmphasized`. SwiftUI renders this as bold
text, as described earlier. The link syntax around “website” creates a `link`
attribute, which `Text` styles to indicate it’s a link; by default, clicking
or tapping the link opens the linked URL in the user’s default browser.
Alternatively, you can perform custom link handling by putting an
`OpenURLAction` in the text view’s environment.

You can also use Markdown syntax in localized string keys, which means you can
write the above example without needing to explicitly create an
`AttributedString`:

In your app’s strings files, use Markdown syntax to apply styling to the app’s
localized strings. You also use this approach when you want to perform
automatic grammar agreement on localized strings, with the
`^[text](inflect:true)` syntax.

For details about Markdown syntax support in SwiftUI, see
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates an instance that displays a localized range between two dates.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ dates: ClosedRange<Date>)

##  Parameters

`dates`

    

The range of dates to display

## See Also

### Creating a text view for a date

`init(DateInterval)`

Creates an instance that displays a localized time interval.

`init(Date, style: Text.DateStyle)`

Creates an instance that displays localized dates and times using a specific
style.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates an instance that displays a localized time interval.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ interval: DateInterval)

##  Parameters

`interval`

    

The date interval to display

## Discussion

Example output: 9:30AM - 3:30PM

## See Also

### Creating a text view for a date

`init(ClosedRange<Date>)`

Creates an instance that displays a localized range between two dates.

`init(Date, style: Text.DateStyle)`

Creates an instance that displays localized dates and times using a specific
style.

Initializer

# init(_:style:)

Creates an instance that displays localized dates and times using a specific
style.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ date: Date,
        style: Text.DateStyle
    )

##  Parameters

`date`

    

The target date to display.

`style`

    

The style used when displaying a date.

## See Also

### Creating a text view for a date

`init(ClosedRange<Date>)`

Creates an instance that displays a localized range between two dates.

`init(DateInterval)`

Creates an instance that displays a localized time interval.

Initializer

# init(_:format:)

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a nonstring
type supported by a corresponding format style.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<F>(
        _ input: F.FormatInput,
        format: F
    ) where F : FormatStyle, F.FormatInput : Equatable, F.FormatOutput == String

##  Parameters

`input`

    

The underlying value to display.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to convert the underlying value of type
`F.FormatInput` to a string representation.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text view backed by a nonstring value, using
a `FormatStyle` to convert the type to a string representation. Any changes to
the value update the string displayed by the text view.

In the following example, three `Text` views present a date with different
combinations of date and time fields, by using different `Date.FormatStyle`
options.

## See Also

### Creating a text view with formatting

`init<Subject>(Subject, formatter: Formatter)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a reference-
convertible value.

`init<Subject>(Subject, formatter: Formatter)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a Foundation
object.

Initializer

# init(_:formatter:)

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a reference-
convertible value.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Subject>(
        _ subject: Subject,
        formatter: Formatter
    ) where Subject : ReferenceConvertible

##  Parameters

`subject`

    

A `ReferenceConvertible` instance compatible with `formatter`.

`formatter`

    

A `Formatter` capable of converting `subject` into a string representation.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text view that formats `subject` using
`formatter`.

## See Also

### Creating a text view with formatting

`init<F>(F.FormatInput, format: F)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a nonstring
type supported by a corresponding format style.

`init<Subject>(Subject, formatter: Formatter)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a Foundation
object.

Initializer

# init(_:formatter:)

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a Foundation
object.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Subject>(
        _ subject: Subject,
        formatter: Formatter
    ) where Subject : NSObject

##  Parameters

`subject`

    

An `NSObject` instance compatible with `formatter`.

`formatter`

    

A `Formatter` capable of converting `subject` into a string representation.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text view that formats `subject` using
`formatter`.

## See Also

### Creating a text view with formatting

`init<F>(F.FormatInput, format: F)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a nonstring
type supported by a corresponding format style.

`init<Subject>(Subject, formatter: Formatter)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a reference-
convertible value.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates an instance that wraps an `Image`, suitable for concatenating with
other `Text`

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ image: Image)

Initializer

# init(timerInterval:pauseTime:countsDown:showsHours:)

Creates an instance that displays a timer counting within the provided
interval.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        timerInterval: ClosedRange<Date>,
        pauseTime: Date? = nil,
        countsDown: Bool = true,
        showsHours: Bool = true
    )

##  Parameters

`timerInterval`

    

The interval between where to run the timer.

`pauseTime`

    

If present, the date at which to pause the timer. The default is `nil` which
indicates to never pause.

`countsDown`

    

Whether to count up or down. The default is `true`.

`showsHours`

    

Whether to include an hours component if there are more than 60 minutes left
on the timer. The default is `true`.

## Discussion

The example above shows a text that displays a timer counting down from
“12:00” and will pause when reaching “10:00”.

Instance Method

# font(_:)

Sets the default font for text in the view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func font(_ font: Font?) -> Text

##  Parameters

`font`

    

The font to use when displaying this text.

## Return Value

Text that uses the font you specify.

## Discussion

Use `font(_:)` to apply a specific font to an individual Text View, or all of
the text views in a container.

In the example below, the first text field has a font set directly, while the
font applied to the following container applies to all of the text views
inside that container:

## See Also

### Choosing a font

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> Text`

Sets the font weight of the text.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> Text`

Sets the font design of the text.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> Text`

Sets the font width of the text.

Instance Method

# fontWeight(_:)

Sets the font weight of the text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontWeight(_ weight: Font.Weight?) -> Text

##  Parameters

`weight`

    

One of the available font weights.

## Return Value

Text that uses the font weight you specify.

## See Also

### Choosing a font

`func font(Font?) -> Text`

Sets the default font for text in the view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> Text`

Sets the font design of the text.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> Text`

Sets the font width of the text.

Instance Method

# fontDesign(_:)

Sets the font design of the text.

iOS 16.1+  iPadOS 16.1+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.1+  tvOS 16.1+  watchOS
9.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontDesign(_ design: Font.Design?) -> Text

##  Parameters

`design`

    

One of the available font designs.

## Return Value

Text that uses the font design you specify.

## See Also

### Choosing a font

`func font(Font?) -> Text`

Sets the default font for text in the view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> Text`

Sets the font weight of the text.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> Text`

Sets the font width of the text.

Instance Method

# fontWidth(_:)

Sets the font width of the text.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontWidth(_ width: Font.Width?) -> Text

##  Parameters

`width`

    

One of the available font widths.

## Return Value

Text that uses the font width you specify, if available.

## See Also

### Choosing a font

`func font(Font?) -> Text`

Sets the default font for text in the view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> Text`

Sets the font weight of the text.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> Text`

Sets the font design of the text.

Instance Method

# foregroundStyle(_:)

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func foregroundStyle<S>(_ style: S) -> Text where S : ShapeStyle

##  Parameters

`style`

    

The style to use when displaying this text.

## Return Value

A text view that uses the color value you supply.

## Discussion

Use this method to change the rendering style of the text rendered by a text
view.

For example, you can display the names of the colors red, green, and blue in
their respective colors:

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# bold()

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func bold() -> Text

## Return Value

Bold text.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# bold(_:)

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func bold(_ isActive: Bool) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text has bold styling.

## Return Value

Bold text.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# italic()

Applies italics to the text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func italic() -> Text

## Return Value

Italic text.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# italic(_:)

Applies italics to the text.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func italic(_ isActive: Bool) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether italic styling is added.

## Return Value

Italic text.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# strikethrough(_:color:)

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func strikethrough(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether the text has a strikethrough applied.

`color`

    

The color of the strikethrough. If `color` is `nil`, the strikethrough uses
the default foreground color.

## Return Value

Text with a line through its center.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# strikethrough(_:pattern:color:)

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func strikethrough(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether strikethrough is added. The default
value is `true`.

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line.

`color`

    

The color of the strikethrough. If `color` is `nil`, the strikethrough uses
the default foreground color.

## Return Value

Text with a line through its center.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# underline(_:color:)

Applies an underline to the text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func underline(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether the text has an underline.

`color`

    

The color of the underline. If `color` is `nil`, the underline uses the
default foreground color.

## Return Value

Text with a line running along its baseline.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# underline(_:pattern:color:)

Applies an underline to the text.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func underline(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether underline styling is added. The default
value is `true`.

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line.

`color`

    

The color of the underline. If `color` is `nil`, the underline uses the
default foreground color.

## Return Value

Text with a line running along its baseline.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# monospaced(_:)

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

iOS 16.4+  iPadOS 16.4+  macOS 13.3+  Mac Catalyst 16.4+  tvOS 16.4+  watchOS
9.4+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func monospaced(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> Text

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether monospaced styling is added. Default
value is `true`.

## Return Value

Monospaced text.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# monospacedDigit()

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func monospacedDigit() -> Text

## Return Value

A text view with a modified font that uses fixed-width numeric characters,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

## Discussion

This modifier only affects numeric characters, and leaves all other characters
unchanged.

The following example shows the effect of `monospacedDigit()` on a text view.
It arranges two text views in a `VStack`, each displaying a formatted date
that contains many instances of the character 1. The second text view uses the
`monospacedDigit()`. Because 1 is usually a narrow character in proportional
fonts, applying the modifier widens all of the 1s, and the text view as a
whole. The non-digit characters in the text view remain unaffected.

If the base font of the text view doesn’t support fixed-width digits, the font
remains unchanged.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# kerning(_:)

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func kerning(_ kerning: CGFloat) -> Text

##  Parameters

`kerning`

    

The spacing to use between individual characters in this text. Value of `0`
sets the kerning to the system default value.

## Return Value

Text with the specified amount of kerning.

## Discussion

Kerning defines the offset, in points, that a text view should shift
characters from the default spacing. Use positive kerning to widen the spacing
between characters. Use negative kerning to tighten the spacing between
characters.

The last character in the first case, which uses negative kerning, experiences
cropping because the kerning affects the trailing edge of the text view as
well.

Kerning attempts to maintain ligatures. For example, the Hoefler Text font
uses a ligature for the letter combination _ffl_ , as in the word _raffle_ ,
shown here with a small negative and a small positive kerning:

The _ffl_ letter combination keeps a constant shape as the other letters move
together or apart. Beyond a certain point in either direction, however,
kerning does disable nonessential ligatures.

Important

If you add both the `tracking(_:)` and `kerning(_:)` modifiers to a view, the
view applies the tracking and ignores the kerning.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# tracking(_:)

Sets the tracking for the text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tracking(_ tracking: CGFloat) -> Text

##  Parameters

`tracking`

    

The amount of additional space, in points, that the view should add to each
character cluster after layout. Value of `0` sets the tracking to the system
default value.

## Return Value

Text with the specified amount of tracking.

## Discussion

Tracking adds space, measured in points, between the characters in the text
view. A positive value increases the spacing between characters, while a
negative value brings the characters closer together.

The code above uses an unusually large amount of tracking to make it easy to
see the effect.

The effect of tracking resembles that of the `kerning(_:)` modifier, but adds
or removes trailing whitespace, rather than changing character offsets. Also,
using any nonzero amount of tracking disables nonessential ligatures, whereas
kerning attempts to maintain ligatures.

Important

If you add both the `tracking(_:)` and `kerning(_:)` modifiers to a view, the
view applies the tracking and ignores the kerning.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Instance Method

# baselineOffset(_:)

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func baselineOffset(_ baselineOffset: CGFloat) -> Text

##  Parameters

`baselineOffset`

    

The amount to shift the text vertically (up or down) relative to its baseline.

## Return Value

Text that’s above or below its baseline.

## Discussion

Change the baseline offset to move the text in the view (in points) up or down
relative to its baseline. The bounds of the view expand to contain the moved
text.

By drawing a border around each text view, you can see how the text moves, and
how that affects the view.

The first view, with a negative offset, grows downward to handle the lowered
text. The last view, with a positive offset, grows upward. The enclosing
`HStack` instance, shown in gray, ensures all the text views remain aligned at
their top edge, regardless of the offset.

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Enumeration

# Text.Case

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    enum Case

## Topics

### Getting text cases

`case lowercase`

Displays text in all lowercase characters.

`case uppercase`

Displays text in all uppercase characters.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Structure

# Text.DateStyle

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct DateStyle

## Topics

### Getting text date styles

`static let date: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date.

`static let offset: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as offset from now.

`static let relative: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as relative to now.

`static let time: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying only the time component for a date.

`static let timer: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as timer counting from now.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Decodable`
  * `Encodable`
  * `Equatable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

Structure

# Text.LineStyle

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct LineStyle

## Overview

Use this type to specify `underlineStyle` and `strikethroughStyle` SwiftUI
attributes of an `AttributedString`.

## Topics

### Getting text line styles

`static let single: Text.LineStyle`

Draw a single solid line.

### Creating a text line style

`init?(nsUnderlineStyle: NSUnderlineStyle)`

Creates a `Text.LineStyle` from `NSUnderlineStyle`.

`init(pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?)`

Creates a line style.

`struct Pattern`

The pattern, that the line has.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

Instance Method

# textScale(_:isEnabled:)

Applies a text scale to the text.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textScale(
        _ scale: Text.Scale,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`scale`

    

The text scale to apply.

`isEnabled`

    

If true the text scale is applied; otherwise text scale is unchanged.

## Return Value

Text with the specified scale applied.

## See Also

### Fitting text into available space

`struct Scale`

Defines text scales

`enum TruncationMode`

The type of truncation to apply to a line of text when it’s too long to fit in
the available space.

Structure

# Text.Scale

Defines text scales

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Scale

## Overview

Text scale provides a way to pick a logical text scale relative to the base
font which is used.

## Topics

### Gettingn built-in text scales

`static let `default`: Text.Scale`

Defines default text scale

`static let secondary: Text.Scale`

Defines secondary text scale

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Fitting text into available space

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Applies a text scale to the text.

`enum TruncationMode`

The type of truncation to apply to a line of text when it’s too long to fit in
the available space.

Enumeration

# Text.TruncationMode

The type of truncation to apply to a line of text when it’s too long to fit in
the available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    enum TruncationMode

## Overview

When a text view contains more text than it’s able to display, the view might
truncate the text and place an ellipsis (…) at the truncation point. Use the
`truncationMode(_:)` modifier with one of the `TruncationMode` values to
indicate which part of the text to truncate, either at the beginning, in the
middle, or at the end.

## Topics

### Getting text truncation modes

`case head`

Truncate at the beginning of the line.

`case middle`

Truncate in the middle of the line.

`case tail`

Truncate at the end of the line.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Fitting text into available space

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Applies a text scale to the text.

`struct Scale`

Defines text scales

Instance Method

# typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)

Specifies the language for typesetting.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typesettingLanguage(
        _ language: TypesettingLanguage,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The language to use for typesetting.

`isEnabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text language is added

## Return Value

Text with the typesetting language set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

In some cases `Text` may contain text of a particular language which doesn’t
match the device UI language. In that case it’s useful to specify a language
so line height, line breaking and spacing will respect the script used for
that language. For example:

Note: this language does not affect text localized localization.

## See Also

### Localizing text

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

Instance Method

# typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)

Specifies the language for typesetting.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typesettingLanguage(
        _ language: Locale.Language,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> Text

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The explicit language to use for typesetting.

`isEnabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text langauge is added

## Return Value

Text with the typesetting language set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

In some cases `Text` may contain text of a particular language which doesn’t
match the device UI language. In that case it’s useful to specify a language
so line height, line breaking and spacing will respect the script used for
that language. For example:

Note: this language does not affect text localization.

## See Also

### Localizing text

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

Instance Method

# speechAdjustedPitch(_:)

Raises or lowers the pitch of spoken text.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func speechAdjustedPitch(_ value: Double) -> Text

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The amount to raise or lower the pitch. Values between `-1` and `0` result in
a lower pitch while values between `0` and `1` result in a higher pitch. The
method clamps values to the range `-1` to `1`.

## Discussion

Use this modifier when you want to change the pitch of spoken text. The value
indicates how much higher or lower to change the pitch.

## See Also

### Configuring voiceover

`func speechAlwaysIncludesPunctuation(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should always speak all punctuation in the text view.

`func speechAnnouncementsQueued(Bool) -> Text`

Controls whether to queue pending announcements behind existing speech rather
than interrupting speech in progress.

`func speechSpellsOutCharacters(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should speak the contents of the text view character by
character.

Instance Method

# speechAlwaysIncludesPunctuation(_:)

Sets whether VoiceOver should always speak all punctuation in the text view.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func speechAlwaysIncludesPunctuation(_ value: Bool = true) -> Text

##  Parameters

`value`

    

A Boolean value that you set to `true` if VoiceOver should speak all
punctuation in the text. Defaults to `true`.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to control whether the system speaks punctuation characters
in the text. You might use this for code or other text where the punctuation
is relevant, or where you want VoiceOver to speak a verbatim transcription of
the text you provide. For example, given the text:

VoiceOver would speak “All the world apostrophe s a stage comma and all the
men and women merely players semicolon”.

By default, VoiceOver voices punctuation based on surrounding context.

## See Also

### Configuring voiceover

`func speechAdjustedPitch(Double) -> Text`

Raises or lowers the pitch of spoken text.

`func speechAnnouncementsQueued(Bool) -> Text`

Controls whether to queue pending announcements behind existing speech rather
than interrupting speech in progress.

`func speechSpellsOutCharacters(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should speak the contents of the text view character by
character.

Instance Method

# speechAnnouncementsQueued(_:)

Controls whether to queue pending announcements behind existing speech rather
than interrupting speech in progress.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func speechAnnouncementsQueued(_ value: Bool = true) -> Text

##  Parameters

`value`

    

A Boolean value that determines if VoiceOver speaks changes to text
immediately or enqueues them behind existing speech. Defaults to `true`.

## Discussion

Use this modifier when you want affect the order in which the accessibility
system delivers spoken text. Announcements can occur automatically when the
label or value of an accessibility element changes.

## See Also

### Configuring voiceover

`func speechAdjustedPitch(Double) -> Text`

Raises or lowers the pitch of spoken text.

`func speechAlwaysIncludesPunctuation(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should always speak all punctuation in the text view.

`func speechSpellsOutCharacters(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should speak the contents of the text view character by
character.

Instance Method

# speechSpellsOutCharacters(_:)

Sets whether VoiceOver should speak the contents of the text view character by
character.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func speechSpellsOutCharacters(_ value: Bool = true) -> Text

##  Parameters

`value`

    

A Boolean value that when `true` indicates VoiceOver should speak text as
individual characters. Defaults to `true`.

## Discussion

Use this modifier when you want VoiceOver to speak text as individual letters,
character by character. This is important for text that is not meant to be
spoken together, like:

  * An acronym that isn’t a word, like APPL, spoken as “A-P-P-L”.

  * A number representing a series of digits, like 25, spoken as “two-five” rather than “twenty-five”.

## See Also

### Configuring voiceover

`func speechAdjustedPitch(Double) -> Text`

Raises or lowers the pitch of spoken text.

`func speechAlwaysIncludesPunctuation(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should always speak all punctuation in the text view.

`func speechAnnouncementsQueued(Bool) -> Text`

Controls whether to queue pending announcements behind existing speech rather
than interrupting speech in progress.

Operator

# +(_:_:)

Concatenates the text in two text views in a new text view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func + (lhs: Text, rhs: Text) -> Text

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

The first text view with text to combine.

`rhs`

    

The second text view with text to combine.

## Return Value

A new text view containing the combined contents of the two input text views.

Instance Method

# foregroundColor(_:)

Sets the color of the text displayed by this view.

iOS 13.0–17.4  Deprecated  iPadOS 13.0–17.4  Deprecated  macOS 10.15–14.4
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.0–17.4  Deprecated  tvOS 13.0–17.4  Deprecated
watchOS 6.0–10.4  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func foregroundColor(_ color: Color?) -> Text

Deprecated

Use `foregroundStyle(_:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`color`

    

The color to use when displaying this text.

## Return Value

A text view that uses the color value you supply.

## Discussion

Use this method to change the color of the text rendered by a text view.

For example, you can display the names of the colors red, green, and blue in
their respective colors:



# TintShapeStyle

Initializer

# init()

Creates a tint shape style.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# Text.LineStyle.Pattern

Type Property

# solid

Draw a solid line.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let solid: Text.LineStyle.Pattern

## See Also

### Getting line style patterns

`static let dot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dots.

`static let dash: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dashes.

`static let dashDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

`static let dashDotDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of alternating dashes and two dots.

Type Property

# dot

Draw a line of dots.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let dot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern

## See Also

### Getting line style patterns

`static let solid: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a solid line.

`static let dash: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dashes.

`static let dashDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

`static let dashDotDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of alternating dashes and two dots.

Type Property

# dash

Draw a line of dashes.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let dash: Text.LineStyle.Pattern

## See Also

### Getting line style patterns

`static let solid: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a solid line.

`static let dot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dots.

`static let dashDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

`static let dashDotDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of alternating dashes and two dots.

Type Property

# dashDot

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let dashDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern

## See Also

### Getting line style patterns

`static let solid: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a solid line.

`static let dot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dots.

`static let dash: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dashes.

`static let dashDotDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of alternating dashes and two dots.

Type Property

# dashDotDot

Draw a line of alternating dashes and two dots.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let dashDotDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern

## See Also

### Getting line style patterns

`static let solid: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a solid line.

`static let dot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dots.

`static let dash: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dashes.

`static let dashDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`



# Text.LineStyle

Type Property

# single

Draw a single solid line.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let single: Text.LineStyle

Initializer

# init(nsUnderlineStyle:)

Creates a `Text.LineStyle` from `NSUnderlineStyle`.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init?(nsUnderlineStyle: NSUnderlineStyle)

##  Parameters

`nsUnderlineStyle`

    

A value of `NSUnderlineStyle` to wrap with `Text.LineStyle`.

## Return Value

A new `Text.LineStyle` or `nil` when `nsUnderlineStyle` contains styles not
supported by `Text.LineStyle`.

## Discussion

Note

Use this initializer only if you need to convert an existing
`NSUnderlineStyle` to a SwiftUI `Text.LineStyle`. Otherwise, create a
`Text.LineStyle` using an initializer like `init(pattern:color:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a text line style

`init(pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?)`

Creates a line style.

`struct Pattern`

The pattern, that the line has.

Initializer

# init(pattern:color:)

Creates a line style.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern = .solid,
        color: Color? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line.

`color`

    

The color of the line. If not provided, the foreground color of text is used.

## See Also

### Creating a text line style

`init?(nsUnderlineStyle: NSUnderlineStyle)`

Creates a `Text.LineStyle` from `NSUnderlineStyle`.

`struct Pattern`

The pattern, that the line has.

Structure

# Text.LineStyle.Pattern

The pattern, that the line has.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Pattern

## Topics

### Getting line style patterns

`static let solid: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a solid line.

`static let dot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dots.

`static let dash: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of dashes.

`static let dashDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

`static let dashDotDot: Text.LineStyle.Pattern`

Draw a line of alternating dashes and two dots.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Creating a text line style

`init?(nsUnderlineStyle: NSUnderlineStyle)`

Creates a `Text.LineStyle` from `NSUnderlineStyle`.

`init(pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?)`

Creates a line style.



# Tables

Structure

# Table

A container that presents rows of data arranged in one or more columns,
optionally providing the ability to select one or more members.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Table<Value, Rows, Columns> where Value == Rows.TableRowValue, Rows : TableRowContent, Columns : TableColumnContent, Rows.TableRowValue == Columns.TableRowValue

## Overview

You commonly create tables from collections of data. The following example
shows how to create a simple, three-column table from an array of `Person`
instances that conform to the `Identifiable` protocol:

If there are more rows than can fit in the available space, `Table` provides
vertical scrolling automatically. On macOS, the table also provides horizontal
scrolling if there are more columns than can fit in the width of the view.
Scroll bars appear as needed on iOS; on macOS, the `Table` shows or hides
scroll bars based on the “Show scroll bars” system preference.

### Supporting selection in tables

To make rows of a table selectable, provide a binding to a selection variable.
Binding to a single instance of the table data’s `id` type creates a single-
selection table. Binding to a `Set` creates a table that supports multiple
selections. The following example shows how to add multi-select to the
previous example. A `Text` view below the table shows the number of items
currently selected.

### Supporting sorting in tables

To make the columns of a table sortable, provide a binding to an array of
`SortComparator` instances. The table reflects the sorted state through its
column headers, allowing sorting for any columns with key paths.

When the table sort descriptors update, re-sort the data collection that
underlies the table; the table itself doesn’t perform a sort operation. You
can watch for changes in the sort descriptors by using a
`onChange(of:perform:)` modifier, and then sort the data in the modifier’s
`perform` closure.

The following example shows how to add sorting capability to the previous
example:

### Building tables with static rows

To create a table from static rows, rather than the contents of a collection
of data, you provide both the columns and the rows.

The following example shows a table that calculates prices from applying
varying gratuities (“tips”) to a fixed set of prices. It creates the table
with the `init(of:columns:rows:)` initializer, with the `rows` parameter
providing the base price that each row uses for its calculations. Each column
receives each price and performs its calculation, producing a `Text` to
display the formatted result.

### Styling tables

Use the `tableStyle(_:)` modifier to set a `TableStyle` for all tables within
a view. SwiftUI provides several table styles, such as `InsetTableStyle` and,
on macOS, `BorderedTableStyle`. The default style is `AutomaticTableStyle`,
which is available on all platforms that support `Table`.

### Using tables on different platforms

You can define a single table for use on macOS, iOS, and iPadOS. However, in a
compact horizontal size class environment — typical on iPhone or on iPad in
certain modes, like Slide Over — the table has limited space to display its
columns. To conserve space, the table automatically hides headers and all
columns after the first when it detects this condition.

To provide a good user experience in a space-constrained environment, you can
customize the first column to show more information when you detect that the
`horizontalSizeClass` environment value becomes
`UserInterfaceSizeClass.compact`. For example, you can modify the sortable
table from above to conditionally show all the information in the first
column:

By making this change, you provide a list-like appearance for narrower
displays, while displaying the full table on wider ones. Because you use the
same table instance in both cases, you get a seamless transition when the size
class changes, like when someone moves your app into or out of Slide Over.

## Topics

### Creating a table from columns

`init<Data>(Data, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

### Creating a sortable table from columns

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

### Creating a table from columns and rows

`init(of: Value.Type, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columns: () -> Columns,
rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Creating a table

Building a Great Mac App with SwiftUI

Create engaging SwiftUI Mac apps by incorporating side bars, tables, toolbars,
and several other popular user interface elements.

`func tableStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for tables within this view.

Instance Method

# tableStyle(_:)

Sets the style for tables within this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tableStyle<S>(_ style: S) -> some View where S : TableStyle
    

## See Also

### Creating a table

Building a Great Mac App with SwiftUI

Create engaging SwiftUI Mac apps by incorporating side bars, tables, toolbars,
and several other popular user interface elements.

`struct Table`

A container that presents rows of data arranged in one or more columns,
optionally providing the ability to select one or more members.

Structure

# TableColumn

A column that displays a view for each row in a table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label> where RowValue : Identifiable, Sort : SortComparator, Content : View, Label : View

## Overview

You create a column with a label, content view, and optional key path. The
table calls the content view builder with the value for each row in the table.
The column uses a key path to map to a property of each row value, which
sortable tables use to reflect the current sort order.

The following example creates a sortable column for a table with `Person`
rows, displaying each person’s given name:

For the common case of `String` properties, you can use the convenience
initializer that doesn’t require an explicit content closure and displays that
string verbatim as a `Text` view. This means you can write the previous
example as:

## Topics

### Creating an unsortable column

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with floats

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with doubles

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with dates

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C,
content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V, C>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

### Creating a column with a comparator

`init(LocalizedStringKey, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

### Setting the column width

`func width(CGFloat?) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a fixed width table column that isn’t user resizable.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

`func width(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat?, max: CGFloat?) ->
TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a resizable table column with the provided constraints.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

`func width() -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Sets the column’s width.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableColumnContent`

## See Also

### Creating columns

`protocol TableColumnContent`

A type used to represent columns within a table.

`struct TableColumnAlignment`

Describes the alignment of the content of a table column.

`struct TableColumnBuilder`

A result builder that creates table column content from closures.

`struct TableColumnForEach`

A structure that computes columns on demand from an underlying collection of
identified data.

Protocol

# TableColumnContent

A type used to represent columns within a table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol TableColumnContent<TableRowValue, TableColumnSortComparator>

## Overview

This type provides the body content of the column, as well as the types of the
column’s row values and the comparator used to sort rows.

You can factor column content out into separate types or properties, or by
creating a custom type conforming to `TableColumnContent`.

The above example factors three table columns into a separate computed
property that has an opaque type. The property’s primary associated type
`TableRowValue` is a `Person` and its associated type
`TableColumnSortComparator` is a key comparator for the `Person` type.

## Topics

### Getting the column body

`var tableColumnBody: Self.TableColumnBody`

The composition of content that comprise the table column content.

**Required**

` associatedtype TableColumnBody : TableColumnContent`

The type of content representing the body of this table column content.

**Required**

### Defining the row value

`associatedtype TableRowValue : Identifiable =
Self.TableColumnBody.TableRowValue`

The type of value of rows presented by this column content.

**Required**

### Defining the comparator

`associatedtype TableColumnSortComparator : SortComparator =
Self.TableColumnBody.TableColumnSortComparator`

The type of sort comparator associated with this table column content.

**Required**

### Configuring the content

`func alignment(TableColumnAlignment) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the alignment of the column, applying to both its column header label and
the row view content for that column.

`func customizationID(String) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue,
Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the identifier to be associated with a column when persisting its state
with `TableColumnCustomization`.

`func defaultVisibility(Visibility) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the default visibility of a table column.

`func disabledCustomizationBehavior(TableColumnCustomizationBehavior) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the disabled customization behavior for a table column.

## Relationships

### Conforming Types

  * `Group`

Conforms when `Content` conforms to `TableColumnContent`.

  * `TableColumn`
  * `TableColumnForEach`
  * `TupleTableColumnContent`

## See Also

### Creating columns

`struct TableColumn`

A column that displays a view for each row in a table.

`struct TableColumnAlignment`

Describes the alignment of the content of a table column.

`struct TableColumnBuilder`

A result builder that creates table column content from closures.

`struct TableColumnForEach`

A structure that computes columns on demand from an underlying collection of
identified data.

Structure

# TableColumnAlignment

Describes the alignment of the content of a table column.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableColumnAlignment

## Overview

The alignment of a column applies to both its header label as well as the
default alignment of its content view for each row.

## Topics

### Getting the alignment

`static var automatic: TableColumnAlignment`

The default column alignment.

`static var leading: TableColumnAlignment`

Leading column alignment.

`static var center: TableColumnAlignment`

Center column alignment.

`static var trailing: TableColumnAlignment`

Trailing column alignment.

`static var numeric: TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

`static func numeric(Locale.NumberingSystem) -> TableColumnAlignment`

Column alignment appropriate for numeric content.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Creating columns

`struct TableColumn`

A column that displays a view for each row in a table.

`protocol TableColumnContent`

A type used to represent columns within a table.

`struct TableColumnBuilder`

A result builder that creates table column content from closures.

`struct TableColumnForEach`

A structure that computes columns on demand from an underlying collection of
identified data.

Structure

# TableColumnBuilder

A result builder that creates table column content from closures.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @resultBuilder
    struct TableColumnBuilder<RowValue, Sort> where RowValue : Identifiable, Sort : SortComparator

## Overview

The `buildBlock` methods in this type create `TableColumnContent` instances
based on the number and types of sources provided as parameters.

Don’t use this type directly; instead, SwiftUI annotates the `columns`
parameter of the various `Table` initializers with the `@TableColumnBuilder`
annotation, implicitly calling this builder for you.

## Topics

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

### Supporting types

`struct TupleTableColumnContent`

A type of table column content that creates table columns created from a Swift
tuple of table columns.

### Type Methods

`static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a column result for the first of two column content alternatives.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildIf<C>(C?) -> C?`

Creates a column result for conditional statements.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Creating columns

`struct TableColumn`

A column that displays a view for each row in a table.

`protocol TableColumnContent`

A type used to represent columns within a table.

`struct TableColumnAlignment`

Describes the alignment of the content of a table column.

`struct TableColumnForEach`

A structure that computes columns on demand from an underlying collection of
identified data.

Structure

# TableColumnForEach

A structure that computes columns on demand from an underlying collection of
identified data.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    struct TableColumnForEach<Data, ID, RowValue, Sort, Content> where Data : RandomAccessCollection, ID : Hashable, RowValue == Content.TableRowValue, Sort == Content.TableColumnSortComparator, Content : TableColumnContent

## Overview

Use `TableColumnForEach` to create columns based on a `RandomAccessCollection`
of some data type. Either the collection’s elements must conform to
`Identifiable` or you need to provide an `id` parameter to the
`TableColumnForEach` initializer.

The following example shows the interface for an `AudioSampleTrack`, which h
as a collection of `AudioSample` across a dynamic number of `AudioChannel`s.
The `Table` is created for displaying rows for each sample. It has one static
column for the sample’s timestamp and uses a `TableColumnForEach` instance to
produce a column for each of the audio channels in the track.

## Topics

### Creating the collection

`init(Data, content: (Data.Element) -> Content)`

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the identity of the underlying data.

`init(Range<Int>, content: (Int) -> Content)`

Creates an instance that computes table columns on demand over a given
constant range.

`init(Data, id: KeyPath<Data.Element, ID>, content: (Data.Element) ->
Content)`

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the provided key path to the underlying data’s identifier.

### Accessing collection content

`var content: (Data.Element) -> Content`

A function to create content on demand using the underlying data.

`var data: Data`

The collection of underlying identified data that SwiftUI uses to create
columns dynamically.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableColumnContent`

## See Also

### Creating columns

`struct TableColumn`

A column that displays a view for each row in a table.

`protocol TableColumnContent`

A type used to represent columns within a table.

`struct TableColumnAlignment`

Describes the alignment of the content of a table column.

`struct TableColumnBuilder`

A result builder that creates table column content from closures.

Instance Method

# tableColumnHeaders(_:)

Controls the visibility of a `Table`’s column header views.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tableColumnHeaders(_ visibility: Visibility) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`visibility`

    

A value of `visible` will show table columns, `hidden` will remove them, and
`automatic` will defer to default behavior.

## Discussion

By default, `Table` will display a global header view with the labels of each
table column. This area is also where users can sort, resize, and rearrange
the columns. For simple cases that don’t require those features, this header
can be hidden.

This will not affect the header of any `Section`s in a table.

## See Also

### Customizing columns

`struct TableColumnCustomization`

A representation of the state of the columns in a table.

`struct TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A set of customization behaviors of a column that a table can offer to a user.

Structure

# TableColumnCustomization

A representation of the state of the columns in a table.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableColumnCustomization<RowValue> where RowValue : Identifiable

## Overview

`TableColumnCustomization` can be created and provided to a table to enable
column reordering and column visibility. The state can be queried and updated
programmatically, as well as bound to persistent app or scene storage.

The above example creates a table with three columns. On macOS, these columns
can be reordered or hidden and shown by the user of the app. Their
configuration will be saved and restored with the window on relaunches of the
app, using the “BugReportTableConfig” scene storage identifier.

The state of a specific column is stored relative to its customization
identifier, using using the value from the `customizationID(_:)` modifier.
When column customization is encoded and decoded, it relies on stable
identifiers to restore the associate the saved state with a specific column.
If a table column does not have a customization identifier, it will not be
customizable.

These identifiers can also be used to programmatically change column
customizations, such as programmatically hiding a column:

With a binding to the overall customization, a binding to the visibility of a
column can be accessed using the same subscript syntax:

## Topics

### Creating a table column customization

`init()`

Creates an empty table column customization.

### Managing the customization

`func resetOrder()`

Resets the column order back to the default, preserving the customized
visibility and size.

`subscript(visibility _: String) -> Visibility`

The visibility of the column identified by its identifier.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Decodable`
  * `Encodable`
  * `Equatable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Customizing columns

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> some View`

Controls the visibility of a `Table`’s column header views.

`struct TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A set of customization behaviors of a column that a table can offer to a user.

Structure

# TableColumnCustomizationBehavior

A set of customization behaviors of a column that a table can offer to a user.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableColumnCustomizationBehavior

## Overview

This is used as a value provided to `disabledCustomizationBehavior(_:)`.

Setting any of these values as the `disabledCustomizationBehavior(_:)` doesn’t
have any effect on iOS.

## Topics

### Getting the customization behavior

`static var all: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

All customization behaviors.

`static let reorder: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be reordered by the user.

`static let resize: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be resized by the user.

`static let visibility: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be hidden or revealed by the user.

### Creating a behavior

`init()`

Creates an empty customization behavior, representing no customization

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `ExpressibleByArrayLiteral`
  * `Sendable`
  * `SetAlgebra`

## See Also

### Customizing columns

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> some View`

Controls the visibility of a `Table`’s column header views.

`struct TableColumnCustomization`

A representation of the state of the columns in a table.

Structure

# TableRow

A row that represents a data value in a table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableRow<Value> where Value : Identifiable

## Overview

Create instances of `TableRow` in the closure you provide to the `rows`
parameter in `Table` initializers that take columns and rows. The table
provides the value of a row to each column of a table, which produces the
cells for each row in the column.

## Topics

### Creating a row

`init(Value)`

Creates a table row for the given value.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

## See Also

### Creating rows

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Protocol

# TableRowContent

A type used to represent table rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol TableRowContent<TableRowValue>

## Overview

Like with the `View` protocol, you can create custom table row content by
declaring a type that conforms to the `TableRowContent` protocol and
implementing the required `tableRowBody` property.

This example uses an opaque result type and specifies that the primary
associated type `TableRowValue` for the `tableRowBody` property is a `Person`.
From this, SwiftUI can infer `TableRowValue` for the `GroupOfPeopleRows`
structure is also `Person`.

## Topics

### Getting the row body

`var tableRowBody: Self.TableRowBody`

The composition of content that comprise the table row content.

**Required**

` associatedtype TableRowBody : TableRowContent`

The type of content representing the body of this table row content.

**Required**

### Defining the row value

`associatedtype TableRowValue : Identifiable =
Self.TableRowBody.TableRowValue`

The type of value represented by this table row content.

**Required**

### Managing interaction

`func draggable<T>(() -> T) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Defines the entire row as a destination of a drag and drop operation that
handles the dropped content with a closure that you specify.

`func onHover(perform: (Bool) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Adds an action to perform when the pointer moves onto or away from the entire
row.

`func itemProvider((() -> NSItemProvider?)?) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
ItemProviderTableRowModifier>`

Provides a closure that vends the drag representation for a particular data
element.

`struct ItemProviderTableRowModifier`

A table row modifier that associates an item provider with some base row
content.

### Adding a context menu to a row

`func contextMenu<M>(menuItems: () -> M) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
_ContextMenuTableRowModifier<M>>`

Adds a context menu to a table row.

`func contextMenu<M, P>(menuItems: () -> M, preview: () -> P) ->
ModifiedContent<Self, _ContextMenuPreviewTableRowModifier<M, P>>`

Adds a context menu with a preview to a table row.

### Instance Methods

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Adds a condition that controls whether users can select this row.

## Relationships

### Inherited By

  * `DynamicTableRowContent`

### Conforming Types

  * `DisclosureTableRow`
  * `EmptyTableRowContent`

Conforms when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

  * `ForEach`

Conforms when `Data` conforms to `RandomAccessCollection`, `ID` conforms to
`Hashable`, and `Content` conforms to `TableRowContent`.

  * `Group`

Conforms when `Content` conforms to `TableRowContent`.

  * `ModifiedContent`

Conforms when `Content` conforms to `DynamicTableRowContent` and `Modifier`
conforms to `_TableRowContentModifier`.

  * `OutlineGroup`

Conforms when `Data` conforms to `RandomAccessCollection`, `ID` is
`Data.Element.ID`, `Parent` conforms to `TableRowContent`, `Parent` is `Leaf`,
`Leaf` is `Subgroup`, and `Data.Element` is `Parent.TableRowValue`.

  * `Section`

Conforms when `Parent` conforms to `TableRowContent`, `Content` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, and `Footer` conforms to `TableRowContent`.

  * `TableForEachContent`
  * `TableHeaderRowContent`
  * `TableOutlineGroupContent`
  * `TableRow`
  * `TupleTableRowContent`

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Structure

# TableHeaderRowContent

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableHeaderRowContent<Value, Content> where Value : Identifiable, Content : View

## Overview

You do not create this type directly. The framework creates it on your behalf.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Structure

# TupleTableRowContent

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @frozen
    struct TupleTableRowContent<Value, T> where Value : Identifiable

## Overview

Don’t use this type directly; instead, SwiftUI uses this type as the return
value from the various `buildBlock` methods in `TableRowBuilder`. The size of
the tuple corresponds to how many columns you create in the `rows` closure you
provide to the `Table` initializer.

## Topics

### Accessing the value

`var value: T`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Structure

# TableForEachContent

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableForEachContent<Data> where Data : RandomAccessCollection, Data.Element : Identifiable

## Overview

You don’t use this type directly. The various `Table.init(_:,...)`
initializers create this type as the table’s `Rows` generic type.

To explicitly create dynamic collection-based rows, use `ForEach` instead.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Structure

# EmptyTableRowContent

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct EmptyTableRowContent<Value> where Value : Identifiable

## Overview

You will rarely, if ever, need to create an `EmptyTableRowContent` directly.
Instead, `EmptyTableRowContent` represents the absence of a row.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

Conforms when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Protocol

# DynamicTableRowContent

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol DynamicTableRowContent : TableRowContent

## Overview

This table row content type provides drag-and-drop support for tables. Use the
`onInsert(of:perform:)` modifier to add an action to call when the table
inserts new contents into its underlying collection.

## Topics

### Getting row data

`var data: Self.Data`

The collection of underlying data.

**Required**

` associatedtype Data : Collection`

The type of the underlying collection of data.

**Required**

### Inserting rows

`func onInsert(of: [UTType], perform: (Int, [NSItemProvider]) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<Self, OnInsertTableRowModifier>`

Sets the insert action for the dynamic table rows.

`struct OnInsertTableRowModifier`

A table row modifier that adds the ability to insert data in some base row
content.

### Supporting drag and drop

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: (Int, [T]) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<Self, OnInsertTableRowModifier>`

Sets the insert action for the dynamic table rows.

## Relationships

### Inherits From

  * `TableRowContent`

### Conforming Types

  * `ForEach`

Conforms when `Data` conforms to `RandomAccessCollection`, `ID` conforms to
`Hashable`, and `Content` conforms to `TableRowContent`.

  * `ModifiedContent`

Conforms when `Content` conforms to `DynamicTableRowContent` and `Modifier`
conforms to `_TableRowContentModifier`.

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

`struct TableRowBuilder`

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

Structure

# TableRowBuilder

A result builder that creates table row content from closures.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @resultBuilder
    struct TableRowBuilder<Value> where Value : Identifiable

## Overview

The `buildBlock` methods in this type create `TableRowContent` instances based
on the number and types of sources provided as parameters.

Don’t use this type directly; instead, SwiftUI annotates the `rows` parameter
of the various `Table` initializers with the `@TableRowBuilder` annotation,
implicitly calling this builder for you.

## Topics

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

### Building a row from conditionals

`static func buildIf<C>(C?) -> C?`

Creates a row result for conditional statements.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the first of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

## See Also

### Creating rows

`struct TableRow`

A row that represents a data value in a table.

`protocol TableRowContent`

A type used to represent table rows.

`struct TableHeaderRowContent`

A table row that displays a single view instead of columned content.

`struct TupleTableRowContent`

A type of table column content that creates table rows created from a Swift
tuple of table rows.

`struct TableForEachContent`

A type of table row content that creates table rows created by iterating over
a collection.

`struct EmptyTableRowContent`

A table row content that doesn’t produce any rows.

`protocol DynamicTableRowContent`

A type of table row content that generates table rows from an underlying
collection of data.

Structure

# DisclosureTableRow

A kind of table row that shows or hides additional rows based on the state of
a disclosure control.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct DisclosureTableRow<Label, Content> where Label : TableRowContent, Content : TableRowContent, Label.TableRowValue == Content.TableRowValue

## Overview

A disclosure group row consists of a label row that is always visible, and
some content rows that are conditionally visible depending on the state.
Toggling the control will flip the state between “expanded” and “collapsed”.

In the following example, a disclosure group has `allDevices` as the label
row, and exposes its expanded state with the bound property, `expanded`. Upon
toggling the disclosure control, the user can update the expanded state which
will in turn show or hide the three content rows for `iPhone`, `iPad`, and
`Mac`.

## Topics

### Creating a disclosure table row

`init<Value>(Value, isExpanded: Binding<Bool>?, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a disclosure group with the given value and table rows, and a binding
to the expansion state (expanded or collapsed).

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

## See Also

### Adding progressive disclosure

`struct TableOutlineGroupContent`

An opaque table row type created by a table’s hierarchical initializers.

Structure

# TableOutlineGroupContent

An opaque table row type created by a table’s hierarchical initializers.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TableOutlineGroupContent<Data> where Data : RandomAccessCollection, Data.Element : Identifiable

## Overview

This row content is created by `Table.init(_:,children:,...)` initializers as
the table’s `Rows` generic type.

To explicitly create hierarchical rows, use `OutlineGroup` instead.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableRowContent`

## See Also

### Adding progressive disclosure

`struct DisclosureTableRow`

A kind of table row that shows or hides additional rows based on the state of
a disclosure control.



# TableColumnCustomization

Initializer

# init()

Creates an empty table column customization.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()

## Discussion

With an empty customization, columns will be ordered as described by the
table’s column builder.

Instance Method

# resetOrder()

Resets the column order back to the default, preserving the customized
visibility and size.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    mutating func resetOrder()

## Discussion

Tables that are bound to this state will order their columns as described by
their column builder.

## See Also

### Managing the customization

`subscript(visibility _: String) -> Visibility`

The visibility of the column identified by its identifier.

Instance Subscript

# subscript(visibility:)

The visibility of the column identified by its identifier.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    subscript(visibility id: String) -> Visibility { get set }

## Overview

Explicit identifiers can be associated with a `TableColumn` using the
`customizationID(_:)` modifier.

If the ID isn’t associated with the state, a default value of `.automatic` is
returned.

## See Also

### Managing the customization

`func resetOrder()`

Resets the column order back to the default, preserving the customized
visibility and size.



# ToggleStyle

Type Property

# automatic

The default toggle style.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: DefaultToggleStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `DefaultToggleStyle`.

## Discussion

Use this `ToggleStyle` to let SwiftUI pick a suitable style for the current
platform and context. Toggles use the `automatic` style by default, but you
might need to set it explicitly using the `toggleStyle(_:)` modifier to
override another style in the environment. For example, you can request
automatic styling for a toggle in an `HStack` that’s otherwise configured to
use the `button` style:

### Platform defaults

The `automatic` style produces an appearance that varies by platform, using
the following styles in most contexts:

Platform| Default style  
---|---  
iOS, iPadOS| `switch`  
macOS| `checkbox`  
tvOS| A tvOS-specific button style (see below)  
watchOS| `switch`  
  
The default style for tvOS behaves like a button. However, unlike the `button`
style that’s available in some other platforms, the tvOS toggle takes as much
horizontal space as its parent offers, and displays both the toggle’s label
and a text field that indicates the toggle’s state. You typically collect tvOS
toggles into a `List`:

### Contextual defaults

A toggle’s automatic appearance varies in certain contexts:

  * A toggle that appears as part of the content that you provide to one of the toolbar modifiers, like `toolbar(content:)`, uses the `button` style by default.

  * A toggle in a `Menu` uses a style that you can’t create explicitly:

SwiftUI shows the toggle’s label with a checkmark that appears only in the
`on` state:

Platform| Appearance  
---|---  
iOS, iPadOS|  
macOS|  
  

## See Also

### Getting built-in toggle styles

`static var button: ButtonToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

Available when `Self` is `ButtonToggleStyle`.

`static var checkbox: CheckboxToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

Available when `Self` is `CheckboxToggleStyle`.

`static var `switch`: SwitchToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

Available when `Self` is `SwitchToggleStyle`.

Type Property

# button

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  watchOS 9.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var button: ButtonToggleStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `ButtonToggleStyle`.

## Discussion

Apply this style to a `Toggle` or to a view hierarchy that contains toggles
using the `toggleStyle(_:)` modifier:

The style produces a button with a label that describes the purpose of the
toggle. The user taps or clicks the button to change the toggle’s state. The
button indicates the `on` state by filling in the background with its tint
color. You can change the tint color using the `tint(_:)` modifier. SwiftUI
uses this style as the default for toggles that appear in a toolbar.

The following table shows the toggle in both the `off` and `on` states,
respectively:

Platform| Appearance  
---|---  
iOS, iPadOS|  
macOS|  
  
A `Label` instance is a good choice for a button toggle’s label. Based on the
context, SwiftUI decides whether to display both the title and icon, as in the
example above, or just the icon, like when the toggle appears in a toolbar.
You can also control the label’s style by adding a `labelStyle(_:)` modifier.
In any case, SwiftUI always uses the title to identify the control using
VoiceOver.

## See Also

### Getting built-in toggle styles

`static var automatic: DefaultToggleStyle`

The default toggle style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultToggleStyle`.

`static var checkbox: CheckboxToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

Available when `Self` is `CheckboxToggleStyle`.

`static var `switch`: SwitchToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

Available when `Self` is `SwitchToggleStyle`.

Type Property

# checkbox

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    static var checkbox: CheckboxToggleStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `CheckboxToggleStyle`.

## Discussion

Apply this style to a `Toggle` or to a view hierarchy that contains toggles
using the `toggleStyle(_:)` modifier:

The style produces a label that describes the purpose of the toggle and a
checkbox that shows the toggle’s state. To change the toggle’s state, the user
clicks the checkbox or its label:

The style aligns the trailing edge of the checkbox with the leading edge of
the label, and takes as much horizontal space as it needs to fit the label, up
to the amount offered by the toggle’s parent view.

This is the default style in macOS in most contexts when you don’t set a
style, or when you apply the `automatic` style. A `Form` is a convenient way
to present a collection of checkboxes with proper spacing and alignment. For
guidance on using checkboxes in your user interface, see Toggles in the Human
Interface Guidelines.

## See Also

### Getting built-in toggle styles

`static var automatic: DefaultToggleStyle`

The default toggle style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultToggleStyle`.

`static var button: ButtonToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

Available when `Self` is `ButtonToggleStyle`.

`static var `switch`: SwitchToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

Available when `Self` is `SwitchToggleStyle`.

Type Property

# switch

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  watchOS 6.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var `switch`: SwitchToggleStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `SwitchToggleStyle`.

## Discussion

Apply this style to a `Toggle` or to a view hierarchy that contains toggles
using the `toggleStyle(_:)` modifier:

The style produces a label that describes the purpose of the toggle and a
switch that shows the toggle’s state. The user taps or clicks the switch to
change the toggle’s state. The default appearance is similar across platforms,
although the way you use switches in your user interface varies a little, as
described in Toggles in the Human Interface Guidelines.

  * iOS 
  * macOS 
  * watchOS 

In iOS and watchOS, the label and switch fill as much horizontal space as the
toggle’s parent offers by aligning the label’s leading edge and the switch’s
trailing edge with the containing view’s respective leading and trailing
edges. In macOS, the style uses a minimum of horizontal space by aligning the
trailing edge of the label with the leading edge of the switch. SwiftUI helps
you to manage the spacing and alignment when this style appears in a `Form`.

SwiftUI uses this style as the default for iOS and watchOS in most contexts
when you don’t set a style, or when you apply the `automatic` style.

## See Also

### Getting built-in toggle styles

`static var automatic: DefaultToggleStyle`

The default toggle style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultToggleStyle`.

`static var button: ButtonToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

Available when `Self` is `ButtonToggleStyle`.

`static var checkbox: CheckboxToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

Available when `Self` is `CheckboxToggleStyle`.

Instance Method

# makeBody(configuration:)

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @ViewBuilder
    func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body

**Required**

##  Parameters

`configuration`

    

The properties of the toggle, including a label and a binding to the toggle’s
state.

## Return Value

A view that has behavior and appearance that enables it to function as a
`Toggle`.

## Discussion

Implement this method when you define a custom toggle style that conforms to
the `ToggleStyle` protocol. Use the `configuration` input — a
`ToggleStyleConfiguration` instance — to access the toggle’s label and state.
Return a view that has the appearance and behavior of a toggle. For example
you can create a toggle that displays a label and a circle that’s either empty
or filled with a checkmark:

The `ChecklistToggleStyle` toggle style provides a way to both observe and
modify the toggle state: the circle fills for the on state, and users can tap
or click the toggle to change the state. By using a customized `Button` to
compose the toggle’s body, SwiftUI automatically provides the behaviors that
users expect from a control that has button-like characteristics.

You can present a collection of toggles that use this style in a stack:

When updating a view hierarchy, the system calls your implementation of the
`makeBody(configuration:)` method for each `Toggle` instance that uses the
associated style.

### Modify the current style

Rather than create an entirely new style, you can alternatively modify a
toggle’s current style. Use the `init(_:)` initializer inside the
`makeBody(configuration:)` method to create and modify a toggle based on a
`configuration` value. For example, you can create a style that adds padding
and a red border to the current style:

If you create a `redBorder` static variable from this style, you can apply the
style to toggles that already use another style, like the built-in `switch`
and `button` styles:

Both toggles appear with the usual styling, each with a red border:

Apply the custom style closer to the toggle than the modified style because
SwiftUI evaluates style view modifiers in order from outermost to innermost.
If you apply the styles in the other order, the red border style doesn’t have
an effect, because the built-in styles override it completely.

## See Also

### Creating custom toggle styles

`struct ToggleStyleConfiguration`

The properties of a toggle instance.

`typealias Configuration`

The properties of a toggle instance.

`associatedtype Body : View`

A view that represents the appearance and interaction of a toggle.

**Required**

Structure

# ToggleStyleConfiguration

The properties of a toggle instance.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToggleStyleConfiguration

## Overview

When you define a custom toggle style by creating a type that conforms to the
`ToggleStyle` protocol, you implement the `makeBody(configuration:)` method.
That method takes a `ToggleStyleConfiguration` input that has the information
you need to define the behavior and appearance of a `Toggle`.

The configuration structure’s `label` reflects the toggle’s content, which
might be the value that you supply to the `label` parameter of the
`init(isOn:label:)` initializer. Alternatively, it could be another view that
SwiftUI builds from an initializer that takes a string input, like
`init(_:isOn:)`. In either case, incorporate the label into the toggle’s view
to help the user understand what the toggle does. For example, the built-in
`switch` style horizontally stacks the label with the control element.

The structure’s `isOn` property provides a `Binding` to the state of the
toggle. Adjust the appearance of the toggle based on this value. For example,
the built-in `button` style fills the button’s background when the property is
`true`, but leaves the background empty when the property is `false`. Change
the value when the user performs an action that’s meant to change the toggle,
like the button does when tapped or clicked by the user.

## Topics

### Getting the label view

`let label: ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label`

A view that describes the effect of switching the toggle between states.

`struct Label`

A type-erased label of a toggle.

### Managing the toggle state

`var isMixed: Bool`

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

`var isOn: Bool`

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.

`var $isOn: Binding<Bool>`

## See Also

### Styling toggles

`func toggleStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for toggles in a view hierarchy.

`protocol ToggleStyle`

The appearance and behavior of a toggle.

Type Alias

# ToggleStyle.Configuration

The properties of a toggle instance.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    typealias Configuration = ToggleStyleConfiguration

## Discussion

You receive a `configuration` parameter of this type — which is an alias for
the `ToggleStyleConfiguration` type — when you implement the required
`makeBody(configuration:)` method in a custom toggle style implementation.

## See Also

### Creating custom toggle styles

`func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body`

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle.

**Required**

` struct ToggleStyleConfiguration`

The properties of a toggle instance.

`associatedtype Body : View`

A view that represents the appearance and interaction of a toggle.

**Required**

Associated Type

# Body

A view that represents the appearance and interaction of a toggle.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Body : View

**Required**

## Discussion

SwiftUI infers this type automatically based on the `View` instance that you
return from your implementation of the `makeBody(configuration:)` method.

## See Also

### Creating custom toggle styles

`func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body`

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle.

**Required**

` struct ToggleStyleConfiguration`

The properties of a toggle instance.

`typealias Configuration`

The properties of a toggle instance.

Structure

# DefaultToggleStyle

The default toggle style.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct DefaultToggleStyle

## Overview

Use the `automatic` static variable to create this style:

## Topics

### Creating the toggle style

`init()`

Creates a default toggle style.

### Supporting types

`func makeBody(configuration: DefaultToggleStyle.Configuration) -> some View`

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `ToggleStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct ButtonToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

`struct CheckboxToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

`struct SwitchToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

Structure

# ButtonToggleStyle

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  watchOS 9.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ButtonToggleStyle

## Overview

You can also use `button` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the toggle style

`init()`

Creates a button toggle style.

### Supporting types

`func makeBody(configuration: ButtonToggleStyle.Configuration) -> some View`

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle button.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `ToggleStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultToggleStyle`

The default toggle style.

`struct CheckboxToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

`struct SwitchToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

Structure

# CheckboxToggleStyle

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    struct CheckboxToggleStyle

## Overview

Use the `checkbox` static variable to create this style:

## Topics

### Creating the toggle style

`init()`

Creates a checkbox toggle style.

### Supporting types

`func makeBody(configuration: CheckboxToggleStyle.Configuration) -> some View`

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle checkbox.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `ToggleStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultToggleStyle`

The default toggle style.

`struct ButtonToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

`struct SwitchToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

Structure

# SwitchToggleStyle

A toggle style that displays a leading label and a trailing switch.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  watchOS 6.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct SwitchToggleStyle

## Overview

Use the `switch` static variable to create this style:

## Topics

### Creating the toggle style

`init()`

Creates a switch toggle style.

### Supporting types

`func makeBody(configuration: SwitchToggleStyle.Configuration) -> some View`

Creates a view that represents the body of a toggle switch.

### Deprecated initializers

`init(tint: Color)`

Creates a switch style with a tint color.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `ToggleStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultToggleStyle`

The default toggle style.

`struct ButtonToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays as a button with its label as the title.

`struct CheckboxToggleStyle`

A toggle style that displays a checkbox followed by its label.



# TabView

Initializer

# init(content:)

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(@ViewBuilder content: () -> Content)

Available when `SelectionValue` is `Int` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

## See Also

### Creating a tab view

`init(selection: Binding<SelectionValue>?, content: () -> Content)`

Creates an instance that selects from content associated with `Selection`
values.

Initializer

# init(selection:content:)

Creates an instance that selects from content associated with `Selection`
values.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        selection: Binding<SelectionValue>?,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> Content
    )

## See Also

### Creating a tab view

`init(content: () -> Content)`

Available when `SelectionValue` is `Int` and `Content` conforms to `View`.



# TextInputDictationBehavior

Type Property

# automatic

A platform-appropriate default text input dictation behavior.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let automatic: TextInputDictationBehavior

## Discussion

The automatic behavior uses a `TextInputDictationActivation` value of `onLook`
for visionOS apps and `onSelect` for iOS apps.

## See Also

### Getting behavior values

`static func inline(activation: TextInputDictationActivation) ->
TextInputDictationBehavior`

Adds a dictation microphone in the search bar.

`static let preventDictation: TextInputDictationBehavior`

Prevents the search bar from having a dictation microphone.

Type Method

# inline(activation:)

Adds a dictation microphone in the search bar.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func inline(activation: TextInputDictationActivation) -> TextInputDictationBehavior

## See Also

### Getting behavior values

`static let automatic: TextInputDictationBehavior`

A platform-appropriate default text input dictation behavior.

`static let preventDictation: TextInputDictationBehavior`

Prevents the search bar from having a dictation microphone.

Type Property

# preventDictation

Prevents the search bar from having a dictation microphone.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let preventDictation: TextInputDictationBehavior

## See Also

### Getting behavior values

`static let automatic: TextInputDictationBehavior`

A platform-appropriate default text input dictation behavior.

`static func inline(activation: TextInputDictationActivation) ->
TextInputDictationBehavior`

Adds a dictation microphone in the search bar.



# ToggleStyleConfiguration

Instance Property

# label

A view that describes the effect of switching the toggle between states.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let label: ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label

## Discussion

Use this value in your implementation of the `makeBody(configuration:)` method
when defining a custom `ToggleStyle`. Access it through the that method’s
`configuration` parameter.

Because the label is a `View`, you can incorporate it into the view hierarchy
that you return from your style definition. For example, you can combine the
label with a circle image in an `HStack`:

## See Also

### Getting the label view

`struct Label`

A type-erased label of a toggle.

Structure

# ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label

A type-erased label of a toggle.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Label

## Overview

SwiftUI provides a value of this type — which is a `View` type — as the
`label` to your custom toggle style implementation. Use the label to help
define the appearance of the toggle.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Getting the label view

`let label: ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label`

A view that describes the effect of switching the toggle between states.

Instance Property

# isMixed

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isMixed: Bool

## Discussion

Use this property to determine whether the toggle style should render a mixed
state presentation. A mixed state corresponds to an underlying collection with
a mix of true and false Bindings. To toggle the state, use the `Bool.toggle()`
method on the `isOn` binding.

In the following example, a custom style uses the `isMixed` property to render
the correct toggle state using symbols:

## See Also

### Managing the toggle state

`var isOn: Bool`

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.

`var $isOn: Binding<Bool>`

Instance Property

# isOn

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @Binding
    var isOn: Bool { get nonmutating set }

## Discussion

Because this value is a `Binding`, you can both read and write it in your
implementation of the `makeBody(configuration:)` method when defining a custom
`ToggleStyle`. Access it through that method’s `configuration` parameter.

Read this value to set the appearance of the toggle. For example, you can
choose between empty and filled circles based on the `isOn` value:

Write this value when the user takes an action that’s meant to change the
state of the toggle. For example, you can toggle it inside the `action`
closure of a `Button` instance:

## See Also

### Managing the toggle state

`var isMixed: Bool`

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

`var $isOn: Binding<Bool>`

Instance Property

# $isOn

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var $isOn: Binding<Bool> { get }

## See Also

### Managing the toggle state

`var isMixed: Bool`

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

`var isOn: Bool`

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.

Instance Property

# label

A view that describes the effect of switching the toggle between states.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let label: ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label

## Discussion

Use this value in your implementation of the `makeBody(configuration:)` method
when defining a custom `ToggleStyle`. Access it through the that method’s
`configuration` parameter.

Because the label is a `View`, you can incorporate it into the view hierarchy
that you return from your style definition. For example, you can combine the
label with a circle image in an `HStack`:

## See Also

### Getting the label view

`struct Label`

A type-erased label of a toggle.

Structure

# ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label

A type-erased label of a toggle.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Label

## Overview

SwiftUI provides a value of this type — which is a `View` type — as the
`label` to your custom toggle style implementation. Use the label to help
define the appearance of the toggle.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Getting the label view

`let label: ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label`

A view that describes the effect of switching the toggle between states.

Instance Property

# isMixed

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isMixed: Bool

## Discussion

Use this property to determine whether the toggle style should render a mixed
state presentation. A mixed state corresponds to an underlying collection with
a mix of true and false Bindings. To toggle the state, use the `Bool.toggle()`
method on the `isOn` binding.

In the following example, a custom style uses the `isMixed` property to render
the correct toggle state using symbols:

## See Also

### Managing the toggle state

`var isOn: Bool`

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.

`var $isOn: Binding<Bool>`

Instance Property

# isOn

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @Binding
    var isOn: Bool { get nonmutating set }

## Discussion

Because this value is a `Binding`, you can both read and write it in your
implementation of the `makeBody(configuration:)` method when defining a custom
`ToggleStyle`. Access it through that method’s `configuration` parameter.

Read this value to set the appearance of the toggle. For example, you can
choose between empty and filled circles based on the `isOn` value:

    
    
    Image(systemName: configuration.isOn
        ? "checkmark.circle.fill"
        : "circle")
    

Write this value when the user takes an action that’s meant to change the
state of the toggle. For example, you can toggle it inside the `action`
closure of a `Button` instance:

    
    
    Button {
        configuration.isOn.toggle()
    } label: {
        // Draw the toggle.
    }
    

## See Also

### Managing the toggle state

`var isMixed: Bool`

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

`var $isOn: Binding<Bool>`

Instance Property

# $isOn

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var $isOn: Binding<Bool> { get }

## See Also

### Managing the toggle state

`var isMixed: Bool`

Whether the `Toggle` is currently in a mixed state.

`var isOn: Bool`

A binding to a state property that indicates whether the toggle is on.



# TabViewStyle

Type Property

# automatic

The default `TabView` style.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: DefaultTabViewStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTabViewStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in tab view styles

`static var carousel: CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Available when `Self` is `CarouselTabViewStyle`.

Deprecated

`static var page: PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static func page(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode) ->
PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView` with an index
display mode.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static var verticalPage: VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

`static func verticalPage(transitionStyle:
VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle) -> VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance, and performs the specified transition.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

Type Property

# carousel

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

watchOS 7.0–10.4  Deprecated

    
    
    static var carousel: CarouselTabViewStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `CarouselTabViewStyle`.

Deprecated

Use `verticalPage` or `verticalPage(transitionStyle:)` instead.

## See Also

### Getting built-in tab view styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTabViewStyle`.

`static var page: PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static func page(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode) ->
PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView` with an index
display mode.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static var verticalPage: VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

`static func verticalPage(transitionStyle:
VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle) -> VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance, and performs the specified transition.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

Type Property

# page

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var page: PageTabViewStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in tab view styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTabViewStyle`.

`static var carousel: CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Available when `Self` is `CarouselTabViewStyle`.

Deprecated

`static func page(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode) ->
PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView` with an index
display mode.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static var verticalPage: VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

`static func verticalPage(transitionStyle:
VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle) -> VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance, and performs the specified transition.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

Type Method

# page(indexDisplayMode:)

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView` with an index
display mode.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func page(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode) -> PageTabViewStyle

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in tab view styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTabViewStyle`.

`static var carousel: CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Available when `Self` is `CarouselTabViewStyle`.

Deprecated

`static var page: PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static var verticalPage: VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

`static func verticalPage(transitionStyle:
VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle) -> VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance, and performs the specified transition.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

Type Property

# verticalPage

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

watchOS 10.0+

    
    
    static var verticalPage: VerticalPageTabViewStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in tab view styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTabViewStyle`.

`static var carousel: CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Available when `Self` is `CarouselTabViewStyle`.

Deprecated

`static var page: PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static func page(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode) ->
PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView` with an index
display mode.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static func verticalPage(transitionStyle:
VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle) -> VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance, and performs the specified transition.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

Type Method

# verticalPage(transitionStyle:)

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance, and performs the specified transition.

watchOS 10.0+

    
    
    static func verticalPage(transitionStyle: VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle) -> VerticalPageTabViewStyle

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in tab view styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTabViewStyle`.

`static var carousel: CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Available when `Self` is `CarouselTabViewStyle`.

Deprecated

`static var page: PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static func page(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode) ->
PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView` with an index
display mode.

Available when `Self` is `PageTabViewStyle`.

`static var verticalPage: VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical page `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Available when `Self` is `VerticalPageTabViewStyle`.

Structure

# DefaultTabViewStyle

The default `TabView` style.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct DefaultTabViewStyle

## Overview

You can also use `automatic` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the tab view style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TabViewStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Deprecated

`struct PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

`struct VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Structure

# CarouselTabViewStyle

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

watchOS 7.0–10.4  Deprecated

    
    
    struct CarouselTabViewStyle

Deprecated

Use `VerticalPageTabViewStyle` instead.

## Topics

### Creating the tab view style

`init()`

Creates a carousel table view style.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TabViewStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

`struct PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

`struct VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Structure

# PageTabViewStyle

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct PageTabViewStyle

## Overview

You can also use `page` or `page(indexDisplayMode:)` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating a page tab view style

`init(indexDisplayMode: PageTabViewStyle.IndexDisplayMode)`

Creates a new `PageTabViewStyle` with an index display mode

`struct IndexDisplayMode`

A style for displaying the page index view

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TabViewStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

`struct CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Deprecated

`struct VerticalPageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

Structure

# VerticalPageTabViewStyle

A `TabViewStyle` that implements the vertical `TabView` interaction and
appearance.

watchOS 10.0+

    
    
    struct VerticalPageTabViewStyle

## Overview

You can also use `verticalPage` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the tab view style

`init()`

`init(transitionStyle: VerticalPageTabViewStyle.TransitionStyle)`

Creates a new `VerticalPageTabViewStyle` with a transition style.

`struct TransitionStyle`

A transition style used between tabs.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TabViewStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultTabViewStyle`

The default `TabView` style.

`struct CarouselTabViewStyle`

A style that implements the carousel interaction and appearance.

Deprecated

`struct PageTabViewStyle`

A `TabViewStyle` that implements a paged scrolling `TabView`.



# TableRowContent

Instance Property

# tableRowBody

The composition of content that comprise the table row content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var tableRowBody: Self.TableRowBody { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Getting the row body

`associatedtype TableRowBody : TableRowContent`

The type of content representing the body of this table row content.

**Required**

Associated Type

# TableRowBody

The type of content representing the body of this table row content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype TableRowBody : TableRowContent

**Required**

## See Also

### Getting the row body

`var tableRowBody: Self.TableRowBody`

The composition of content that comprise the table row content.

**Required**

Associated Type

# TableRowValue

The type of value represented by this table row content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype TableRowValue : Identifiable = Self.TableRowBody.TableRowValue

**Required**

Instance Method

# draggable(_:)

Activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func draggable<T>(_ payload: @autoclosure @escaping () -> T) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> where T : Transferable
    

##  Parameters

`payload`

    

A closure that returns a single instance or a value conforming to
`Transferable` that represents the draggable data from this view.

## Return Value

A row that activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

## Discussion

Applying the `draggable(_:)` modifier adds the appropriate gestures for drag
and drop to this row.

## See Also

### Managing interaction

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Defines the entire row as a destination of a drag and drop operation that
handles the dropped content with a closure that you specify.

`func onHover(perform: (Bool) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Adds an action to perform when the pointer moves onto or away from the entire
row.

`func itemProvider((() -> NSItemProvider?)?) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
ItemProviderTableRowModifier>`

Provides a closure that vends the drag representation for a particular data
element.

`struct ItemProviderTableRowModifier`

A table row modifier that associates an item provider with some base row
content.

Instance Method

# dropDestination(for:action:)

Defines the entire row as a destination of a drag and drop operation that
handles the dropped content with a closure that you specify.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func dropDestination<T>(
        for payloadType: T.Type = T.self,
        action: @escaping ([T]) -> Void
    ) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> where T : Transferable
    

##  Parameters

`payloadType`

    

The expected type of the dropped models.

`action`

    

A closure that takes the dropped content and responds with `true` if the drop
operation was successful; otherwise, return `false`.

## Return Value

A row that provides a drop destination for a drag operation of the specified
type.

## See Also

### Managing interaction

`func draggable<T>(() -> T) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

`func onHover(perform: (Bool) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Adds an action to perform when the pointer moves onto or away from the entire
row.

`func itemProvider((() -> NSItemProvider?)?) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
ItemProviderTableRowModifier>`

Provides a closure that vends the drag representation for a particular data
element.

`struct ItemProviderTableRowModifier`

A table row modifier that associates an item provider with some base row
content.

Instance Method

# onHover(perform:)

Adds an action to perform when the pointer moves onto or away from the entire
row.

macOS 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func onHover(perform action: @escaping (Bool) -> Void) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue>
    

## See Also

### Managing interaction

`func draggable<T>(() -> T) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Defines the entire row as a destination of a drag and drop operation that
handles the dropped content with a closure that you specify.

`func itemProvider((() -> NSItemProvider?)?) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
ItemProviderTableRowModifier>`

Provides a closure that vends the drag representation for a particular data
element.

`struct ItemProviderTableRowModifier`

A table row modifier that associates an item provider with some base row
content.

Instance Method

# itemProvider(_:)

Provides a closure that vends the drag representation for a particular data
element.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func itemProvider(_ action: (() -> NSItemProvider?)?) -> ModifiedContent<Self, ItemProviderTableRowModifier>

## See Also

### Managing interaction

`func draggable<T>(() -> T) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Defines the entire row as a destination of a drag and drop operation that
handles the dropped content with a closure that you specify.

`func onHover(perform: (Bool) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Adds an action to perform when the pointer moves onto or away from the entire
row.

`struct ItemProviderTableRowModifier`

A table row modifier that associates an item provider with some base row
content.

Structure

# ItemProviderTableRowModifier

A table row modifier that associates an item provider with some base row
content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ItemProviderTableRowModifier

## See Also

### Managing interaction

`func draggable<T>(() -> T) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Activates this row as the source of a drag and drop operation.

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Defines the entire row as a destination of a drag and drop operation that
handles the dropped content with a closure that you specify.

`func onHover(perform: (Bool) -> Void) -> some
TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue> `

Adds an action to perform when the pointer moves onto or away from the entire
row.

`func itemProvider((() -> NSItemProvider?)?) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
ItemProviderTableRowModifier>`

Provides a closure that vends the drag representation for a particular data
element.

Instance Method

# contextMenu(menuItems:)

Adds a context menu to a table row.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func contextMenu<M>(@ViewBuilder menuItems: () -> M) -> ModifiedContent<Self, _ContextMenuTableRowModifier<M>> where M : View

##  Parameters

`menuItems`

    

A closure that produces the menu’s contents. You can deactivate the context
menu by returning nothing from the closure.

## Return Value

A row that can display a context menu.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to add a context menu to a table row. Compose the menu by
returning controls like `Button`, `Toggle`, and `Picker` from the `menuItems`
closure. You can also use `Menu` to define submenus, or `Section` to group
items.

The following example adds a context menu to each row in a table that people
can use to send an email to the person represented by that row:

If you want to display a preview beside the context menu, use
`contextMenu(menuItems:preview:)`. If you want to display a context menu
that’s based on the current selection, use
`contextMenu(forSelectionType:menu:primaryAction:)`. To add context menus to
other kinds of views, use `contextMenu(menuItems:)`.

## See Also

### Adding a context menu to a row

`func contextMenu<M, P>(menuItems: () -> M, preview: () -> P) ->
ModifiedContent<Self, _ContextMenuPreviewTableRowModifier<M, P>>`

Adds a context menu with a preview to a table row.

Instance Method

# contextMenu(menuItems:preview:)

Adds a context menu with a preview to a table row.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func contextMenu<M, P>(
        @ViewBuilder menuItems: () -> M,
        @ViewBuilder preview: () -> P
    ) -> ModifiedContent<Self, _ContextMenuPreviewTableRowModifier<M, P>> where M : View, P : View

##  Parameters

`menuItems`

    

A closure that produces the menu’s contents. You can deactivate the context
menu by returning nothing from the closure.

`preview`

    

A view that the system displays along with the menu.

## Return Value

A row that can display a context menu with a preview.

## Discussion

When you use this modifier to add a context menu to rows in a table, the
system shows a preview beside the menu. Compose the menu by returning controls
like `Button`, `Toggle`, and `Picker` from the `menuItems` closure. You can
also use `Menu` to define submenus.

Define the preview by returning a view from the `preview` closure. The system
sizes the preview to match the size of its content. For example, the following
code adds a context menu with a preview to each row in a table that people can
use to send an email to the person represented by that row:

Note

This view modifier produces a context menu on macOS, but that platform doesn’t
display the preview.

If you don’t need a preview, use `contextMenu(menuItems:)`. If you want to
display a context menu that’s based on the current selection, use
`contextMenu(forSelectionType:menu:primaryAction:)`. To add context menus to
other kinds of views, see `contextMenu(menuItems:)`.

## See Also

### Adding a context menu to a row

`func contextMenu<M>(menuItems: () -> M) -> ModifiedContent<Self,
_ContextMenuTableRowModifier<M>>`

Adds a context menu to a table row.

Instance Method

# selectionDisabled(_:)

Adds a condition that controls whether users can select this row.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func selectionDisabled(_ isDisabled: Bool = true) -> some TableRowContent<Self.TableRowValue>
    

##  Parameters

`isDisabled`

    

A Boolean value that determines whether users can select this row.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to control the selectability of views in selectable
containers like `List` or `Table`. In the example, below, the user can’t
select the first item in the table.

You can also use this modifier to specify the selectability of views within a
`Picker`. The following example represents a flavor picker that disables
selection on flavors that are unavailable.



# TableColumnContent

Instance Property

# tableColumnBody

The composition of content that comprise the table column content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var tableColumnBody: Self.TableColumnBody { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Getting the column body

`associatedtype TableColumnBody : TableColumnContent`

The type of content representing the body of this table column content.

**Required**

Associated Type

# TableColumnBody

The type of content representing the body of this table column content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype TableColumnBody : TableColumnContent

**Required**

## See Also

### Getting the column body

`var tableColumnBody: Self.TableColumnBody`

The composition of content that comprise the table column content.

**Required**

Associated Type

# TableRowValue

The type of value of rows presented by this column content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype TableRowValue : Identifiable = Self.TableColumnBody.TableRowValue

**Required**

Associated Type

# TableColumnSortComparator

The type of sort comparator associated with this table column content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype TableColumnSortComparator : SortComparator = Self.TableColumnBody.TableColumnSortComparator

**Required**

Instance Method

# alignment(_:)

Sets the alignment of the column, applying to both its column header label and
the row view content for that column.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func alignment(_ alignment: TableColumnAlignment) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator>
    

##  Parameters

`alignment`

    

The alignment to apply to the column.

## See Also

### Configuring the content

`func customizationID(String) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue,
Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the identifier to be associated with a column when persisting its state
with `TableColumnCustomization`.

`func defaultVisibility(Visibility) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the default visibility of a table column.

`func disabledCustomizationBehavior(TableColumnCustomizationBehavior) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the disabled customization behavior for a table column.

Instance Method

# customizationID(_:)

Sets the identifier to be associated with a column when persisting its state
with `TableColumnCustomization`.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func customizationID(_ id: String) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator>
    

##  Parameters

`id`

    

The identifier to associate with a column.

## Discussion

This is required to allow user customization of a specific table column, in
addition to the table as a whole being provided a binding to a
`TableColumnCustomization`.

The identifier needs to to be stable, including across app version updates,
since it is used to persist the user customization.

## See Also

### Configuring the content

`func alignment(TableColumnAlignment) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the alignment of the column, applying to both its column header label and
the row view content for that column.

`func defaultVisibility(Visibility) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the default visibility of a table column.

`func disabledCustomizationBehavior(TableColumnCustomizationBehavior) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the disabled customization behavior for a table column.

Instance Method

# defaultVisibility(_:)

Sets the default visibility of a table column.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func defaultVisibility(_ visibility: Visibility) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator>
    

##  Parameters

`visibility`

    

The default visibility to apply to columns.

## Discussion

A `hidden` column will not be visible, unless the `Table` is also bound to
`TableColumnCustomization` and either modified programmatically or by the
user.

## See Also

### Configuring the content

`func alignment(TableColumnAlignment) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the alignment of the column, applying to both its column header label and
the row view content for that column.

`func customizationID(String) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue,
Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the identifier to be associated with a column when persisting its state
with `TableColumnCustomization`.

`func disabledCustomizationBehavior(TableColumnCustomizationBehavior) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the disabled customization behavior for a table column.

Instance Method

# disabledCustomizationBehavior(_:)

Sets the disabled customization behavior for a table column.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func disabledCustomizationBehavior(_ behavior: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator>
    

##  Parameters

`behavior`

    

The behavior to disable, or `.all` to not allow any customization.

## Discussion

When the containing `Table` is bound to some `TableColumnCustomization`, all
columns will be able to be customized by the user on macOS by default (i.e.
`TableColumnCustomizationBehavior.all`). This modifier allows disabling
specific behavior.

This modifier has no effect on iOS since `Table` does not support any built-in
user customization features.

This does not prevent programmatic changes to a table column customization.

## See Also

### Configuring the content

`func alignment(TableColumnAlignment) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the alignment of the column, applying to both its column header label and
the row view content for that column.

`func customizationID(String) -> some TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue,
Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the identifier to be associated with a column when persisting its state
with `TableColumnCustomization`.

`func defaultVisibility(Visibility) -> some
TableColumnContent<Self.TableRowValue, Self.TableColumnSortComparator> `

Sets the default visibility of a table column.



# Text.DateStyle

Type Property

# date

A style displaying a date.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let date: Text.DateStyle

## Discussion

Example output: June 3, 2019

## See Also

### Getting text date styles

`static let offset: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as offset from now.

`static let relative: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as relative to now.

`static let time: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying only the time component for a date.

`static let timer: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as timer counting from now.

Type Property

# offset

A style displaying a date as offset from now.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let offset: Text.DateStyle

## Discussion

Example output: +2 hours -3 months

## See Also

### Getting text date styles

`static let date: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date.

`static let relative: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as relative to now.

`static let time: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying only the time component for a date.

`static let timer: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as timer counting from now.

Type Property

# relative

A style displaying a date as relative to now.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let relative: Text.DateStyle

## Discussion

Example output: 2 hours, 23 minutes 1 year, 1 month

## See Also

### Getting text date styles

`static let date: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date.

`static let offset: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as offset from now.

`static let time: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying only the time component for a date.

`static let timer: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as timer counting from now.

Type Property

# time

A style displaying only the time component for a date.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let time: Text.DateStyle

## Discussion

Example output: 11:23PM

## See Also

### Getting text date styles

`static let date: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date.

`static let offset: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as offset from now.

`static let relative: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as relative to now.

`static let timer: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as timer counting from now.

Type Property

# timer

A style displaying a date as timer counting from now.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let timer: Text.DateStyle

## Discussion

Example output: 2:32 36:59:01

## See Also

### Getting text date styles

`static let date: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date.

`static let offset: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as offset from now.

`static let relative: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying a date as relative to now.

`static let time: Text.DateStyle`

A style displaying only the time component for a date.



# TableStyle

Type Property

# automatic

The default table style in the current context.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: AutomaticTableStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `AutomaticTableStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in table styles

`static var inset: InsetTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

Available when `Self` is `InsetTableStyle`.

`static var bordered: BorderedTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

Available when `Self` is `BorderedTableStyle`.

Type Property

# inset

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var inset: InsetTableStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `InsetTableStyle`.

## Discussion

To customize whether the rows of the table should alternate their backgrounds,
use `alternatingRowBackgrounds(_:)`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in table styles

`static var automatic: AutomaticTableStyle`

The default table style in the current context.

Available when `Self` is `AutomaticTableStyle`.

`static var bordered: BorderedTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

Available when `Self` is `BorderedTableStyle`.

Type Property

# bordered

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

macOS 12.0+

    
    
    static var bordered: BorderedTableStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `BorderedTableStyle`.

## Discussion

Bordered tables are expected to be inset from their outer containers, but do
not have inset style rows or selection.

To customize whether the rows of the table should alternate their backgrounds,
use `alternatingRowBackgrounds(_:)`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in table styles

`static var automatic: AutomaticTableStyle`

The default table style in the current context.

Available when `Self` is `AutomaticTableStyle`.

`static var inset: InsetTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

Available when `Self` is `InsetTableStyle`.

Instance Method

# makeBody(configuration:)

Creates a view that represents the body of a table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @ViewBuilder
    func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body

**Required**

##  Parameters

`configuration`

    

The properties of the table.

## Discussion

The system calls this method for each `Table` instance in a view hierarchy
where this style is the current table style.

## See Also

### Creating custom table styles

`typealias Configuration`

The properties of a table.

`associatedtype Body : View`

A view that represents the body of a table.

**Required**

Type Alias

# TableStyle.Configuration

The properties of a table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    typealias Configuration = TableStyleConfiguration

## See Also

### Creating custom table styles

`func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body`

Creates a view that represents the body of a table.

**Required**

` associatedtype Body : View`

A view that represents the body of a table.

**Required**

Associated Type

# Body

A view that represents the body of a table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Body : View

**Required**

## See Also

### Creating custom table styles

`func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body`

Creates a view that represents the body of a table.

**Required**

` typealias Configuration`

The properties of a table.

Type Method

# inset(alternatesRowBackgrounds:)

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

macOS 12.0–14.4  Deprecated

    
    
    static func inset(alternatesRowBackgrounds: Bool) -> InsetTableStyle

Available when `Self` is `InsetTableStyle`.

Deprecated

Use the `inset` style and add the `alternatingRowBackgrounds(_:)` view
modifier instead.

##  Parameters

`alternatesRowBackgrounds`

    

Whether the rows should alternate their backgrounds to help visually
distinguish them from each other.

## See Also

### Deprecated styles

`static func bordered(alternatesRowBackgrounds: Bool) -> BorderedTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

Available when `Self` is `BorderedTableStyle`.

Deprecated

Type Method

# bordered(alternatesRowBackgrounds:)

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

macOS 12.0–14.4  Deprecated

    
    
    static func bordered(alternatesRowBackgrounds: Bool) -> BorderedTableStyle

Available when `Self` is `BorderedTableStyle`.

Deprecated

Use the `bordered` style and add the `alternatingRowBackgrounds(_:)` view
modifier instead.

##  Parameters

`alternatesRowBackgrounds`

    

Whether the rows should alternate their backgrounds to help visually
distinguish them from each other.

## Discussion

Bordered tables are expected to be inset from their outer containers, but do
not have inset style rows or selection.

## See Also

### Deprecated styles

`static func inset(alternatesRowBackgrounds: Bool) -> InsetTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

Available when `Self` is `InsetTableStyle`.

Deprecated

Structure

# AutomaticTableStyle

The default table style in the current context.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct AutomaticTableStyle

## Overview

You can also use `automatic` to construct this style.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct InsetTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

`struct BorderedTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

Structure

# InsetTableStyle

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct InsetTableStyle

## Overview

You can also use `inset` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the table style

`init()`

Creates a default inset table style, with alternating row backgrounds.

`init(alternatesRowBackgrounds: Bool)`

Creates an inset table style with optional alternating row backgrounds.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AutomaticTableStyle`

The default table style in the current context.

`struct BorderedTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

Structure

# BorderedTableStyle

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with
standard border.

macOS 12.0+

    
    
    struct BorderedTableStyle

## Overview

You can also use `bordered` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the table style

`init()`

Creates a default bordered table style, with alternating row backgrounds.

`init(alternatesRowBackgrounds: Bool)`

Creates an inset table style with optional alternating row backgrounds.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AutomaticTableStyle`

The default table style in the current context.

`struct InsetTableStyle`

The table style that describes the behavior and appearance of a table with its
content and selection inset from the table edges.



# TransactionKey

Type Property

# defaultValue

The default value for the transaction key.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var defaultValue: Self.Value { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Setting a default value

`associatedtype Value`

The associated type representing the type of the transaction key’s value.

**Required**

Associated Type

# Value

The associated type representing the type of the transaction key’s value.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Value

**Required**

## See Also

### Setting a default value

`static var defaultValue: Self.Value`

The default value for the transaction key.

**Required**



# TimelineView.Context.Cadence

Case

# TimelineView.Context.Cadence.live

Updates the view continuously.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case live

## See Also

### Getting cadences

`case seconds`

Updates the view approximately once per second.

`case minutes`

Updates the view approximately once per minute.

Case

# TimelineView.Context.Cadence.seconds

Updates the view approximately once per second.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case seconds

## See Also

### Getting cadences

`case live`

Updates the view continuously.

`case minutes`

Updates the view approximately once per minute.

Case

# TimelineView.Context.Cadence.minutes

Updates the view approximately once per minute.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case minutes

## See Also

### Getting cadences

`case live`

Updates the view continuously.

`case seconds`

Updates the view approximately once per second.



# Text.Scale

Type Property

# default

Defines default text scale

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let `default`: Text.Scale

## Discussion

When specified uses the default text scale.

## See Also

### Gettingn built-in text scales

`static let secondary: Text.Scale`

Defines secondary text scale

Type Property

# secondary

Defines secondary text scale

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let secondary: Text.Scale

## Discussion

When specified a uses a secondary text scale.

## See Also

### Gettingn built-in text scales

`static let `default`: Text.Scale`

Defines default text scale



# Text input and output

Structure

# Text

A view that displays one or more lines of read-only text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @frozen
    struct Text

## Overview

A text view draws a string in your app’s user interface using a `body` font
that’s appropriate for the current platform. You can choose a different
standard font, like `title` or `caption`, using the `font(_:)` view modifier.

If you need finer control over the styling of the text, you can use the same
modifier to configure a system font or choose a custom font. You can also
apply view modifiers like `bold()` or `italic()` to further adjust the
formatting.

To apply styling within specific portions of the text, you can create the text
view from an `AttributedString`, which in turn allows you to use Markdown to
style runs of text. You can mix string attributes and SwiftUI modifiers, with
the string attributes taking priority.

A text view always uses exactly the amount of space it needs to display its
rendered contents, but you can affect the view’s layout. For example, you can
use the `frame(width:height:alignment:)` modifier to propose specific
dimensions to the view. If the view accepts the proposal but the text doesn’t
fit into the available space, the view uses a combination of wrapping,
tightening, scaling, and truncation to make it fit. With a width of `100`
points but no constraint on the height, a text view might wrap a long string:

Use modifiers like `lineLimit(_:)`, `allowsTightening(_:)`,
`minimumScaleFactor(_:)`, and `truncationMode(_:)` to configure how the view
handles space constraints. For example, combining a fixed width and a line
limit of `1` results in truncation for text that doesn’t fit in that space:

### Localizing strings

If you initialize a text view with a string literal, the view uses the
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)` initializer, which interprets the string
as a localization key and searches for the key in the table you specify, or in
the default table if you don’t specify one.

For an app localized in both English and Spanish, the above view displays
“pencil” and “lápiz” for English and Spanish users, respectively. If the view
can’t perform localization, it displays the key instead. For example, if the
same app lacks Danish localization, the view displays “pencil” for users in
that locale. Similarly, an app that lacks any localization information
displays “pencil” in any locale.

To explicitly bypass localization for a string literal, use the
`init(verbatim:)` initializer.

If you intialize a text view with a variable value, the view uses the
`init(_:)` initializer, which doesn’t localize the string. However, you can
request localization by creating a `LocalizedStringKey` instance first, which
triggers the `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)` initializer instead:

When localizing a string variable, you can use the default table by omitting
the optional initialization parameters — as in the above example — just like
you might for a string literal.

## Topics

### Creating a text view from a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, tableName: String?, bundle: Bundle?, comment:
StaticString?)`

Creates a text view that displays localized content identified by a key.

`init(LocalizedStringResource)`

Creates a text view that displays a localized string resource.

`init<S>(S)`

Creates a text view that displays a stored string without localization.

`init(verbatim: String)`

Creates a text view that displays a string literal without localization.

### Creating a text view from an attributed string

`init(AttributedString)`

Creates a text view that displays styled attributed content.

### Creating a text view for a date

`init(ClosedRange<Date>)`

Creates an instance that displays a localized range between two dates.

`init(DateInterval)`

Creates an instance that displays a localized time interval.

`init(Date, style: Text.DateStyle)`

Creates an instance that displays localized dates and times using a specific
style.

### Creating a text view with formatting

`init<F>(F.FormatInput, format: F)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a nonstring
type supported by a corresponding format style.

`init<Subject>(Subject, formatter: Formatter)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a reference-
convertible value.

`init<Subject>(Subject, formatter: Formatter)`

Creates a text view that displays the formatted representation of a Foundation
object.

### Creating a text view from an image

`init(Image)`

Creates an instance that wraps an `Image`, suitable for concatenating with
other `Text`

### Creating a text view with a timer

`init(timerInterval: ClosedRange<Date>, pauseTime: Date?, countsDown: Bool,
showsHours: Bool)`

Creates an instance that displays a timer counting within the provided
interval.

### Choosing a font

`func font(Font?) -> Text`

Sets the default font for text in the view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> Text`

Sets the font weight of the text.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> Text`

Sets the font design of the text.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> Text`

Sets the font width of the text.

### Styling the view’s text

`func foregroundStyle<S>(S) -> Text`

Sets the style of the text displayed by this view.

`func bold() -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func bold(Bool) -> Text`

Applies a bold font weight to the text.

`func italic() -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func italic(Bool) -> Text`

Applies italics to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
Text`

Applies a strikethrough to the text.

`func underline(Bool, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> Text`

Applies an underline to the text.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> Text`

Modifies the font of the text to use the fixed-width variant of the current
font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Text`

Modifies the text view’s font to use fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the tracking for the text.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> Text`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline.

`enum Case`

A scheme for transforming the capitalization of characters within text.

`struct DateStyle`

A predefined style used to display a `Date`.

`struct LineStyle`

Description of the style used to draw the line for
`StrikethroughStyleAttribute` and `UnderlineStyleAttribute`.

### Fitting text into available space

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Applies a text scale to the text.

`struct Scale`

Defines text scales

`enum TruncationMode`

The type of truncation to apply to a line of text when it’s too long to fit in
the available space.

### Localizing text

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> Text`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

### Configuring voiceover

`func speechAdjustedPitch(Double) -> Text`

Raises or lowers the pitch of spoken text.

`func speechAlwaysIncludesPunctuation(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should always speak all punctuation in the text view.

`func speechAnnouncementsQueued(Bool) -> Text`

Controls whether to queue pending announcements behind existing speech rather
than interrupting speech in progress.

`func speechSpellsOutCharacters(Bool) -> Text`

Sets whether VoiceOver should speak the contents of the text view character by
character.

### Providing accessibility information

`func accessibilityHeading(AccessibilityHeadingLevel) -> Text`

Sets the accessibility level of this heading.

`func accessibilityLabel<S>(S) -> Text`

Adds a label to the view that describes its contents.

`func accessibilityLabel(Text) -> Text`

Adds a label to the view that describes its contents.

`func accessibilityLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> Text`

Adds a label to the view that describes its contents.

`func accessibilityTextContentType(AccessibilityTextContentType) -> Text`

Sets an accessibility text content type.

### Combining text views

`static func + (Text, Text) -> Text`

Concatenates the text in two text views in a new text view.

### Deprecated symbols

`func foregroundColor(Color?) -> Text`

Sets the color of the text displayed by this view.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Sendable`
  * `View`

## See Also

### Displaying text

`struct Label`

A standard label for user interface items, consisting of an icon with a title.

`func labelStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for labels within this view.

Structure

# Label

A standard label for user interface items, consisting of an icon with a title.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Label<Title, Icon> where Title : View, Icon : View

## Overview

One of the most common and recognizable user interface components is the
combination of an icon and a label. This idiom appears across many kinds of
apps and shows up in collections, lists, menus of action items, and
disclosable lists, just to name a few.

You create a label, in its simplest form, by providing a title and the name of
an image, such as an icon from the SF Symbols collection:

You can also apply styles to labels in several ways. In the case of dynamic
changes to the view after device rotation or change to a window size you might
want to show only the text portion of the label using the `titleOnly` label
style:

Conversely, there’s also an icon-only label style:

Some containers might apply a different default label style, such as only
showing icons within toolbars on macOS and iOS. To opt in to showing both the
title and the icon, you can apply the `titleAndIcon` label style:

You can also create a customized label style by modifying an existing style;
this example adds a red border to the default label style:

For more extensive customization or to create a completely new label style,
you’ll need to adopt the `LabelStyle` protocol and implement a
`LabelStyleConfiguration` for the new style.

To apply a common label style to a group of labels, apply the style to the
view hierarchy that contains the labels:

It’s also possible to make labels using views to compose the label’s icon
programmatically, rather than using a pre-made image. In this example, the
icon portion of the label uses a filled `Circle` overlaid with the user’s
initials:

## Topics

### Creating a label from text and an image

`init(LocalizedStringKey, image: String)`

Creates a label with an icon image and a title generated from a localized
string.

Available when `Title` is `Text` and `Icon` is `Image`.

`init<S>(S, image: String)`

Creates a label with an icon image and a title generated from a string.

Available when `Title` is `Text` and `Icon` is `Image`.

### Creating a label from text and an SF Symbol

`init(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String)`

Creates a label with a system icon image and a title generated from a
localized string.

Available when `Title` is `Text` and `Icon` is `Image`.

`init<S>(S, systemImage: String)`

Creates a label with a system icon image and a title generated from a string.

Available when `Title` is `Text` and `Icon` is `Image`.

### Creating a label from a title and icon

`init(title: () -> Title, icon: () -> Icon)`

Creates a label with a custom title and icon.

### Creating a label from a configuration

`init(LabelStyleConfiguration)`

Creates a label representing the configuration of a style.

Available when `Title` is `LabelStyleConfiguration.Title` and `Icon` is
`LabelStyleConfiguration.Icon`.

### Creating a label from an image resource

`init(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource)`

Creates a label with an icon image and a title generated from a localized
string.

Available when `Title` is `Text` and `Icon` is `Image`.

`init<S>(S, image: ImageResource)`

Creates a label with an icon image and a title generated from a string.

Available when `Title` is `Text` and `Icon` is `Image`.

### Creating a family activity label

`init(ApplicationToken)`

Creates a label representing a family activity application.

Available when `Title` is `FamilyActivityTitleView` and `Icon` is
`FamilyActivityIconView`.

`init(WebDomainToken)`

Creates a label representing a family activity web domain.

Available when `Title` is `FamilyActivityTitleView` and `Icon` is
`FamilyActivityIconView`.

`init(ActivityCategoryToken)`

Creates a label representing a family activity category.

Available when `Title` is `FamilyActivityTitleView` and `Icon` is
`FamilyActivityIconView`.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Displaying text

`struct Text`

A view that displays one or more lines of read-only text.

`func labelStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for labels within this view.

Instance Method

# labelStyle(_:)

Sets the style for labels within this view.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func labelStyle<S>(_ style: S) -> some View where S : LabelStyle
    

## Discussion

Use this modifier to set a specific style for all labels within a view:

## See Also

### Displaying text

`struct Text`

A view that displays one or more lines of read-only text.

`struct Label`

A standard label for user interface items, consisting of an icon with a title.

Structure

# TextField

A control that displays an editable text interface.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TextField<Label> where Label : View

## Overview

You create a text field with a label and a binding to a value. If the value is
a string, the text field updates this value continuously as the user types or
otherwise edits the text in the field. For non-string types, it updates the
value when the user commits their edits, such as by pressing the Return key.

The following example shows a text field to accept a username, and a `Text`
view below it that shadows the continuously updated value of `username`. The
`Text` view changes color as the user begins and ends editing. When the user
submits their completed entry to the text field, the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifer
calls an internal `validate(name:)` method.

The bound value doesn’t have to be a string. By using a `FormatStyle`, you can
bind the text field to a nonstring type, using the format style to convert the
typed text into an instance of the bound type. The following example uses a
`PersonNameComponents.FormatStyle` to convert the name typed in the text field
to a `PersonNameComponents` instance. A `Text` view below the text field shows
the debug description string of this instance.

### Text field prompts

You can set an explicit prompt on the text field to guide users on what text
they should provide. Each text field style determines where and when the text
field uses a prompt and label. For example, a form on macOS always places the
label at the leading edge of the field and uses a prompt, when available, as
placeholder text within the field itself. In the same context on iOS, the text
field uses either the prompt or label as placeholder text, depending on
whether the initializer provided a prompt.

The following example shows a `Form` with two text fields, each of which
provides a prompt to indicate that the field is required, and a view builder
to provide a label:

### Styling text fields

SwiftUI provides a default text field style that reflects an appearance and
behavior appropriate to the platform. The default style also takes the current
context into consideration, like whether the text field is in a container that
presents text fields with a special style. Beyond this, you can customize the
appearance and interaction of text fields using the `textFieldStyle(_:)`
modifier, passing in an instance of `TextFieldStyle`. The following example
applies the `roundedBorder` style to both text fields within a `VStack`.

## Topics

### Creating a text field with a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

### Creating a scrollable text field

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a prompt generated from a
`Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

### Creating a text field with a value

Use these initializers to create a text field that binds to a value of an
arbitrary type.

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

### Creating a text field with an optional

Use these initializers to create a text field binds to an optional value of an
arbitrary type.

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F,
prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: ()
-> Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

### Deprecated initializers

API Reference

Deprecated initializers

Review deprecated text field initializers.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Getting text input

`func textFieldStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for text fields within this view.

`struct SecureField`

A control into which people securely enter private text.

`struct TextEditor`

A view that can display and edit long-form text.

Instance Method

# textFieldStyle(_:)

Sets the style for text fields within this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textFieldStyle<S>(_ style: S) -> some View where S : TextFieldStyle
    

## See Also

### Getting text input

`struct TextField`

A control that displays an editable text interface.

`struct SecureField`

A control into which people securely enter private text.

`struct TextEditor`

A view that can display and edit long-form text.

Structure

# SecureField

A control into which people securely enter private text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct SecureField<Label> where Label : View

## Overview

Use a secure field when you want the behavior of a `TextField`, but you want
to hide the field’s text. Typically, you use this for entering passwords and
other sensitive information, as the second field in the following screenshot
demonstrates:

  * macOS 
  * iOS 

The field:

  * Displays one dot for each character someone types.

  * Hides the dots when someone takes a screenshot in iOS.

  * Prevents anyone from cutting or copying the field’s contents.

  * Displays an indicator when Caps Lock is enabled.

### Bind to a string

A secure field binds to a string value and updates the string on every
keystroke or other edit, so you can read its value at any time from elsewhere
in your code. The following code shows how to create the above interface, with
the secure field bound to a `password` string:

The field in the above example has an `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier that sends
the `username` and `password` strings to a custom
`handleLogin(username:password:)` method if someone presses the Return key
while the secure field has focus. You can alternatively provide another
mechanism — like a button — to do the same thing.

### Guide people with a prompt

In addition to the string or view that you provide as a label, you can also
provide a `Text` view prompt to help guide someone who uses the field, as the
following `Form` does:

The system uses the label and prompt in different ways depending on the
context. For example, a form in macOS places the label against the leading
edge of the field and uses the prompt as placeholder text inside the field.
The same form in iOS also uses the prompt as placeholder text, but doesn’t
display the label:

  * macOS 
  * iOS 

If you remove the prompt from the previous example, the field keeps the label
on the leading edge and omits the placeholder text in macOS, but displays the
label as a placeholder in iOS:

  * macOS 
  * iOS 

## Topics

### Creating a secure text field

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a secure field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a secure field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a secure field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a secure field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a secure field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

### Deprecated initializers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates an instance.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Deprecated

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates an instance.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Getting text input

`struct TextField`

A control that displays an editable text interface.

`func textFieldStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for text fields within this view.

`struct TextEditor`

A view that can display and edit long-form text.

Structure

# TextEditor

A view that can display and edit long-form text.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TextEditor

## Overview

A text editor view allows you to display and edit multiline, scrollable text
in your app’s user interface. By default, the text editor view styles the text
using characteristics inherited from the environment, like `font(_:)`,
`foregroundColor(_:)`, and `multilineTextAlignment(_:)`.

You create a text editor by adding a `TextEditor` instance to the body of your
view, and initialize it by passing in a `Binding` to a string variable in your
app:

To style the text, use the standard view modifiers to configure a system font,
set a custom font, or change the color of the view’s text.

In this example, the view renders the editor’s text in gray with a custom
font:

If you want to change the spacing or font scaling aspects of the text, you can
use modifiers like `lineLimit(_:)`, `lineSpacing(_:)`, and
`minimumScaleFactor(_:)` to configure how the view displays text depending on
the space constraints. For example, here the `lineSpacing(_:)` modifier sets
the spacing between lines to 5 points:

## Topics

### Creating a text editor

`init(text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a plain text editor.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Getting text input

`struct TextField`

A control that displays an editable text interface.

`func textFieldStyle<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the style for text fields within this view.

`struct SecureField`

A control into which people securely enter private text.

Instance Method

# textSelection(_:)

Controls whether people can select text within this view.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textSelection<S>(_ selectability: S) -> some View where S : TextSelectability
    

## Discussion

People sometimes need to copy useful information from `Text` views — including
error messages, serial numbers, or IP addresses — so they can then paste the
text into another context. Enable text selection to let people select text in
a platform-appropriate way.

You can apply this method to an individual text view, or to a container to
make each contained text view selectable. In the following example, the person
using the app can select text that shows the date of an event or the name or
email of any of the event participants:

On macOS, people use the mouse or trackpad to select a range of text, which
they can quickly copy by choosing Edit > Copy, or with the standard keyboard
shortcut.

On iOS, the person using the app touches and holds on a selectable `Text`
view, which brings up a system menu with menu items appropriate for the
current context. These menu items operate on the entire contents of the `Text`
view; the person can’t select a range of text like they can on macOS.

Note

`Button` views don’t support text selection.

## See Also

### Selecting text

`protocol TextSelectability`

A type that describes the ability to select text.

Protocol

# TextSelectability

A type that describes the ability to select text.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol TextSelectability

## Overview

To configure whether people can select text in your app, use the
`textSelection(_:)` modifier, passing in a text selectability value like
`enabled` or `disabled`.

## Topics

### Getting selectability options

`static var enabled: EnabledTextSelectability`

A selectability value that enables text selection by a person using your app.

Available when `Self` is `EnabledTextSelectability`.

`static var disabled: DisabledTextSelectability`

A selectability value that disables text selection by the person using your
app.

Available when `Self` is `DisabledTextSelectability`.

### Specifying selectability

`static var allowsSelection: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the selectability type allows
selection.

**Required**

### Supporting types

`struct EnabledTextSelectability`

A selectability type that enables text selection by the person using your app.

`struct DisabledTextSelectability`

A selectability type that disables text selection by the person using your
app.

## Relationships

### Conforming Types

  * `DisabledTextSelectability`
  * `EnabledTextSelectability`

## See Also

### Selecting text

`func textSelection<S>(S) -> some View`

Controls whether people can select text within this view.

Article

# Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

## Overview

SwiftUI supports styling text views using the built-in fonts, and uses a
system font by default. Rather than using a system-provided font, you can use
custom fonts by including the font files in your Xcode project. To use a
custom font, add the font file that contains your licensed font to your app,
and then apply the font to a text view or set it as a default font within a
container view. SwiftUI’s adaptive text display scales the font automtically
using Dynamic Type.

Dynamic Type allows users to choose the size of textual content displayed
onscreen. It helps users who need larger text for better readability and
accommodates those who can read smaller text, allowing more information to
appear onscreen.

### Add the font files to the project

To add the font files to your Xcode project:

  1. In Xcode, select the Project navigator.

  2. Drag your fonts from a Finder window into your project. This copies the fonts to your project.

  3. Select the font or folder with the fonts, and verify that the files show their target membership checked for your app’s targets.

### Identify the font files to include in the app bundle

For iOS, watchOS, tvOS, or Mac Catalyst targets, add the `UIAppFonts` key to
your app’s `Info.plist` file. For the key’s value, provide an array of strings
containing the relative paths to any added font files. For a macOS app target,
use the `ATSApplicationFontsPath` key in your target’s `Info.plist` file, and
provide the name of the folder that holds the fonts as the value for that key.

In the following example, the font file is inside the `project_fonts`
directory, so you use `project_fonts/MyFont.ttf` as the string value in the
`Info.plist` file.

### Apply a font supporting dynamic sizing

Use the `custom(_:size:)` method to retrieve an instance of your font and
apply it to a text view with the `font(_:)` modifier. When retrieving the font
with `custom(_:size:)`, match the name of the font with the font’s PostScript
name. You can find the postscript name of a font by opening it with the Font
Book app and selecting the Font Info tab. If SwiftUI can’t retrieve and apply
your font, it renders the text view with the default system font instead.

The following example applies the font `MyFont` to a text view:

The font scales adaptively from the size provided to align with the default
text style of `body`. Use the `relativeTo` parameter to specify a text style
to scale with other than the default of `body`. For example, to set the font
size to `32` points and adaptively scale relative to the text style of
`title`:

SwiftUI doesn’t synthesize bold or italic styling for fonts. If the font
supports weighted or italic variants, you can customize the typography of the
text view by styling the font using the `weight(_:)` or `italic()` modifiers.

For design guidance on choosing fonts to enhance your app on your target
platform, see the Human Interface Guidelines > Typography for iOS, macOS,
watchOS, or tvOS.

### Scale padding using scaled metric

The `ScaledMetric` property wrapper on a view property provides a scaled value
that changes automatically with accessibility settings. When working with
adpatively sized fonts, you can scale the spacing between or around the text
to improve the visual design with this property wrapper.

The following example uses `@ScaledMetric` to scale the padding value
surrounding a text view relative to the `body` text style, with a blue border
added to identify the spacing that padding adds:

The preview shows the following image without any accessibility settings
turned on:

Use the `environment(_:_:)` modifier to set the accessibility size category on
the preview to `ContentSizeCategory.accessibilityLarge`:

The preview then shows the following image that reflects the increased
accessibility size and the scaled padding:

## See Also

### Setting a font

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# font(_:)

Sets the default font for text in this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func font(_ font: Font?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`font`

    

The default font to use in this view.

## Return Value

A view with the default font set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

Use `font(_:)` to apply a specific font to all of the text in a view.

The example below shows the effects of applying fonts to individual views and
to view hierarchies. Font information flows down the view hierarchy as part of
the environment, and remains in effect unless overridden at the level of an
individual view or view container.

Here, the outermost `VStack` applies a 16-point system font as a default font
to views contained in that `VStack`. Inside that stack, the example applies a
`largeTitle` font to just the first text view; this explicitly overrides the
default. The remaining stack and the views contained with it continue to use
the 16-point system font set by their containing view:

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# fontDesign(_:)

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

iOS 16.1+  iPadOS 16.1+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.1+  tvOS 16.1+  watchOS
9.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontDesign(_ design: Font.Design?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`design`

    

One of the available font designs. Providing `nil` removes the effect of any
font design modifier applied higher in the view hierarchy.

## Return Value

A view that uses the font design you specify.

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# fontWeight(_:)

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontWeight(_ weight: Font.Weight?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`weight`

    

One of the available font weights. Providing `nil` removes the effect of any
font weight modifier applied higher in the view hierarchy.

## Return Value

A view that uses the font weight you specify.

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# fontWidth(_:)

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontWidth(_ width: Font.Width?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`width`

    

One of the available font widths. Providing `nil` removes the effect of any
font width modifier applied higher in the view hierarchy.

## Return Value

A view that uses the font width you specify.

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Property

# font

The default font of this environment.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var font: Font? { get set }

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Structure

# Font

An environment-dependent font.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @frozen
    struct Font

## Overview

The system resolves a font’s value at the time it uses the font in a given
environment because `Font` is a late-binding token.

## Topics

### Getting standard fonts

`static let extraLargeTitle2: Font`

Create a font with the second level extra large title text style.

`static let extraLargeTitle: Font`

Create a font with the extra large title text style.

`static let largeTitle: Font`

A font with the large title text style.

`static let title: Font`

A font with the title text style.

`static let title2: Font`

Create a font for second level hierarchical headings.

`static let title3: Font`

Create a font for third level hierarchical headings.

`static let headline: Font`

A font with the headline text style.

`static let subheadline: Font`

A font with the subheadline text style.

`static let body: Font`

A font with the body text style.

`static let callout: Font`

A font with the callout text style.

`static let caption: Font`

A font with the caption text style.

`static let caption2: Font`

Create a font with the alternate caption text style.

`static let footnote: Font`

A font with the footnote text style.

### Getting system fonts

`static func system(Font.TextStyle, design: Font.Design?, weight:
Font.Weight?) -> Font`

Gets a system font that uses the specified style, design, and weight.

`static func system(size: CGFloat, weight: Font.Weight?, design: Font.Design?)
-> Font`

Specifies a system font to use, along with the style, weight, and any design
parameters you want applied to the text.

`enum Design`

A design to use for fonts.

`enum TextStyle`

A dynamic text style to use for fonts.

`struct Weight`

A weight to use for fonts.

### Creating custom fonts

`static func custom(String, fixedSize: CGFloat) -> Font`

Create a custom font with the given `name` and a fixed `size` that does not
scale with Dynamic Type.

`static func custom(String, size: CGFloat, relativeTo: Font.TextStyle) ->
Font`

Create a custom font with the given `name` and `size` that scales relative to
the given `textStyle`.

`static func custom(String, size: CGFloat) -> Font`

Create a custom font with the given `name` and `size` that scales with the
body text style.

### Getting a font from another font

`init(CTFont)`

Creates a custom font from a platform font instance.

### Styling a font

`func bold() -> Font`

Adds bold styling to the font.

`func italic() -> Font`

Adds italics to the font.

`func monospaced() -> Font`

Returns a fixed-width font from the same family as the base font.

`func monospacedDigit() -> Font`

Returns a modified font that uses fixed-width digits, while leaving other
characters proportionally spaced.

`func smallCaps() -> Font`

Adjusts the font to enable all small capitals.

`func lowercaseSmallCaps() -> Font`

Adjusts the font to enable lowercase small capitals.

`func uppercaseSmallCaps() -> Font`

Adjusts the font to enable uppercase small capitals.

`func weight(Font.Weight) -> Font`

Sets the weight of the font.

`func width(Font.Width) -> Font`

Sets the width of the font.

`struct Width`

A width to use for fonts that have multiple widths.

`func leading(Font.Leading) -> Font`

Adjusts the line spacing of a font.

`enum Leading`

A line spacing adjustment that you can apply to a font.

### Deprecated symbols

`static func system(Font.TextStyle, design: Font.Design) -> Font`

Gets a system font with the given text style and design.

Deprecated

`static func system(size: CGFloat, weight: Font.Weight, design: Font.Design)
-> Font`

Specifies a system font to use, along with the style, weight, and any design
parameters you want applied to the text.

Deprecated

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

Instance Method

# textScale(_:isEnabled:)

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textScale(
        _ scale: Text.Scale,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`scale`

    

The text scale to apply.

`isEnabled`

    

If true the text scale is applied; otherwise text scale is unchanged.

## Return Value

A view with the specified text scale applied.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Instance Method

# dynamicTypeSize(_:)

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func dynamicTypeSize<T>(_ range: T) -> some View where T : RangeExpression, T.Bound == DynamicTypeSize
    

##  Parameters

`range`

    

The range of sizes that are allowed in this view.

## Return Value

A view that constrains the Dynamic Type size of this view within the specified
`range`.

## Discussion

As an example, you can constrain the maximum Dynamic Type size in
`ContentView` to be no larger than `DynamicTypeSize.large`:

If the Dynamic Type size is limited to multiple ranges, the result is their
intersection:

A specific Dynamic Type size can still be set after a range is applied:

When limiting the Dynamic Type size, consider if adding a large content view
with `accessibilityShowsLargeContentViewer()` would be appropriate.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Instance Method

# dynamicTypeSize(_:)

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func dynamicTypeSize(_ size: DynamicTypeSize) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`size`

    

The size to set for this view.

## Return Value

A view that sets the Dynamic Type size to the specified `size`.

## Discussion

As an example, you can set a Dynamic Type size in `ContentView` to be
`DynamicTypeSize.xLarge` (this can be useful in previews to see your content
at a different size) like this:

If a Dynamic Type size range is applied after setting a value, the value is
limited by that range:

When limiting the Dynamic Type size, consider if adding a large content view
with `accessibilityShowsLargeContentViewer()` would be appropriate.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Instance Property

# dynamicTypeSize

The current Dynamic Type size.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize { get set }

## Discussion

This value changes as the user’s chosen Dynamic Type size changes. The default
value is device-dependent.

When limiting the Dynamic Type size, consider if adding a large content view
with `accessibilityShowsLargeContentViewer()` would be appropriate.

On macOS, this value cannot be changed by users and does not affect the text
size.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Enumeration

# DynamicTypeSize

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    enum DynamicTypeSize

## Overview

For more information, see Typography in the Human Interface Guidelines.

## Topics

### Getting type sizes

`case xSmall`

An extra small size.

`case small`

A small size.

`case medium`

A medium size.

`case large`

A large size.

`case xLarge`

An extra large size.

`case xxLarge`

An extra extra large size.

`case xxxLarge`

An extra extra extra large size.

### Getting accessibility type sizes

`case accessibility1`

The first accessibility size.

`case accessibility2`

The second accessibility size.

`case accessibility3`

The third accessibility size.

`case accessibility4`

The fourth accessibility size.

`case accessibility5`

The fifth accessibility size.

`var isAccessibilitySize: Bool`

A Boolean value indicating whether the size is one that is associated with
accessibility.

### Creating a type size

`init?(UIContentSizeCategory)`

Create a Dynamic Type size from its `UIContentSizeCategory` equivalent.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `CaseIterable`
  * `Comparable`
  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Structure

# ScaledMetric

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @propertyWrapper
    struct ScaledMetric<Value> where Value : BinaryFloatingPoint

## Topics

### Creating the metric

`init(wrappedValue: Value)`

Creates the scaled metric with an unscaled value using the default scaling.

`init(wrappedValue: Value, relativeTo: Font.TextStyle)`

Creates the scaled metric with an unscaled value and a text style to scale
relative to.

### Getting the metric

`var wrappedValue: Value`

The value scaled based on the current environment.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `DynamicProperty`

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

Instance Method

# bold(_:)

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func bold(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether bold font styling is added. The default
value is `true`.

## Return Value

A view with bold text.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# italic(_:)

Applies italics to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func italic(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether italic styling is added. The default
value is `true`.

## Return Value

A View with italic text.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# underline(_:pattern:color:)

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func underline(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern = .solid,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether underline is added. The default value
is `true`.

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line. The default value is `solid`.

`color`

    

The color of the underline. If `color` is `nil`, the underline uses the
default foreground color.

## Return Value

A view where text has a line running along its baseline.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# strikethrough(_:pattern:color:)

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func strikethrough(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern = .solid,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether strikethrough is added. The default
value is `true`.

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line. The default value is `solid`.

`color`

    

The color of the strikethrough. If `color` is `nil`, the strikethrough uses
the default foreground color.

## Return Value

A view where text has a line through its center.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# textCase(_:)

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textCase(_ textCase: Text.Case?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textCase`

    

One of the `Text.Case` enumerations; the default is `nil`.

## Return Value

A view that transforms the case of the text.

## Discussion

The default value is `nil`, displaying the text without any case changes.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Property

# textCase

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var textCase: Text.Case? { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `nil`, displaying the `Text` without any case changes.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# monospaced(_:)

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func monospaced(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> some View
    

## Return Value

A view whose child views’ fonts use fixed-width characters, while leaving
other characters proportionally spaced.

## Discussion

If a child view’s base font doesn’t support fixed-width, the font remains
unchanged.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# monospacedDigit()

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func monospacedDigit() -> some View
    

## Return Value

A view whose child views’ fonts use fixed-width numeric characters, while
leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

## Discussion

Using fixed-width digits allows you to easily align numbers of the same size
in a table-like arrangement. This feature is also known as “tabular figures”
or “tabular numbers.”

This modifier only affects numeric characters, and leaves all other characters
unchanged.

The following example shows the effect of `monospacedDigit()` on multiple
child views. The example consists of two `VStack` views inside an `HStack`.
Each `VStack` contains two `Button` views, with the second `VStack` applying
the `monospacedDigit()` modifier to its contents. As a result, the digits in
the buttons in the trailing `VStack` are the same width, which in turn gives
the buttons equal widths.

If a child view’s base font doesn’t support fixed-width digits, the font
remains unchanged.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

Instance Method

# truncationMode(_:)

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func truncationMode(_ mode: Text.TruncationMode) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`mode`

    

The truncation mode that specifies where to truncate the text within the text
view, if needed. You can truncate at the beginning, middle, or end of the text
view.

## Return Value

A view that truncates text at different points in a line depending on the mode
you select.

## Discussion

Use the `truncationMode(_:)` modifier to determine whether text in a long line
is truncated at the beginning, middle, or end. Truncation is indicated by
adding an ellipsis (…) to the line when removing text to indicate to readers
that text is missing.

In the example below, the bounds of text view constrains the amount of text
that the view displays and the `truncationMode(_:)` specifies from which
direction and where to display the truncation indicator:

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Property

# truncationMode

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `Text.TruncationMode.tail`. Some controls, however, might
have a different default if appropriate.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# allowsTightening(_:)

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func allowsTightening(_ flag: Bool) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`flag`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether the space between characters compresses
when necessary.

## Return Value

A view that can compress the space between characters when necessary to fit
text in a line.

## Discussion

Use `allowsTightening(_:)` to enable the compression of inter-character
spacing of text in a view to try to fit the text in the view’s bounds.

In the example below, two identically configured text views show the effects
of `allowsTightening(_:)` on the compression of the spacing between
characters:

## See Also

### Controlling hit testing

`func contentShape<S>(S, eoFill: Bool) -> some View`

Defines the content shape for hit testing.

`func contentShape<S>(ContentShapeKinds, S, eoFill: Bool) -> some View`

Sets the content shape for this view.

`struct ContentShapeKinds`

A kind for the content shape of a view.

Instance Property

# allowsTightening

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var allowsTightening: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `false`.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# minimumScaleFactor(_:)

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func minimumScaleFactor(_ factor: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`factor`

    

A fraction between 0 and 1 (inclusive) you use to specify the minimum amount
of text scaling that this view permits.

## Return Value

A view that limits the amount of text downscaling.

## Discussion

Use the `minimumScaleFactor(_:)` modifier if the text you place in a view
doesn’t fit and it’s okay if the text shrinks to accommodate. For example, a
label with a minimum scale factor of `0.5` draws its text in a font size as
small as half of the actual font if needed.

In the example below, the `HStack` contains a `Text` label with a line limit
of `1`, that is next to a `TextField`. To allow the label to fit into the
available space, the `minimumScaleFactor(_:)` modifier shrinks the text as
needed to fit into the available space.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Property

# minimumScaleFactor

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat { get set }

## Discussion

In the example below, a label with a `minimumScaleFactor` of `0.5` draws its
text in a font size as small as half of the actual font if needed to fit into
the space next to the text input field:

You can set the minimum scale factor to any value greater than `0` and less
than or equal to `1`. The default value is `1`.

SwiftUI uses this value to shrink text that doesn’t fit in a view when it’s
okay to shrink the text. For example, a label with a `minimumScaleFactor` of
`0.5` draws its text in a font size as small as half the actual font if
needed.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# baselineOffset(_:)

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func baselineOffset(_ baselineOffset: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`baselineOffset`

    

The amount to shift the text vertically (up or down) relative to its baseline.

## Return Value

A view where text is above or below its baseline.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# kerning(_:)

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func kerning(_ kerning: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`kerning`

    

The spacing to use between individual characters in text. Value of `0` sets
the kerning to the system default value.

## Return Value

A view where text has the specified amount of kerning.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# tracking(_:)

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tracking(_ tracking: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`tracking`

    

The amount of additional space, in points, that the view should add to each
character cluster after layout. Value of `0` sets the tracking to the system
default value.

## Return Value

A view where text has the specified amount of tracking.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(_:)

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(_ enabled: Bool) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`enabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether this view should have its content
flipped horizontally when the layout direction is right-to-left. By default,
views will adjust their layouts automatically in a right-to-left context and
do not need to be mirrored.

## Return Value

A view that conditionally mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

## Discussion

Use `flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(_:)` when you need the system to
horizontally mirror the contents of the view when presented in a right-to-left
layout.

To override the layout direction for a specific view, use the
`environment(_:_:)` view modifier to explicitly override the `layoutDirection`
environment value for the view.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Enumeration

# TextAlignment

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @frozen
    enum TextAlignment

## Topics

### Getting text alignments

`case center`

`case leading`

`case trailing`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `CaseIterable`
  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ number: Int?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`number`

    

The line limit. If `nil`, no line limit applies.

## Return Value

A view that limits the number of lines that `Text` instances display.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to cap the number of lines that an individual text element
can display.

The line limit applies to all `Text` instances within a hierarchy. For
example, an `HStack` with multiple pieces of text longer than three lines caps
each piece of text to three lines rather than capping the total number of
lines across the `HStack`.

In the example below, the modifier limits the very long line in the `Text`
element to the 2 lines that fit within the view’s bounds:

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ limit: PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a partial range of lines that a `Text` view or a
vertical `TextField` can occupy. When the text of such views occupies less
space than the provided limit, that view expands to occupy the minimum number
of lines.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ limit: PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a partial range of lines that a `Text` view or a
vertical `TextField` can occupy. When the text of such views occupies more
space than the provided limit, a `Text` view truncates its content while a
`TextField` becomes scrollable.

Note

This modifier is equivalent to the `lineLimit(_:)` modifier taking just an
integer.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ limit: ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a closed range of lines that a `Text` view or a
vertical `TextField` can occupy. When the text of such views occupies more
space than the provided limit, a `Text` view truncates its content while a
`TextField` becomes scrollable.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:reservesSpace:)

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(
        _ limit: Int,
        reservesSpace: Bool
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

`reservesSpace`

    

Whether text reserves space so that it always occupies the height required to
display the specified number of lines.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a limit to the lines that a `Text` or a vertical
`TextField` may occupy. If passed a value of true for the `reservesSpace`
parameter, and the text of such views occupies less space than the provided
limit, that view expands to occupy the minimum number of lines. When the text
occupies more space than the provided limit, a `Text` view truncates its
content while a `TextField` becomes scrollable.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Property

# lineLimit

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var lineLimit: Int? { get set }

## Discussion

The maximum number of lines is `1` if the value is less than `1`. If the value
is `nil`, the text uses as many lines as required. The default is `nil`.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

Instance Method

# lineSpacing(_:)

Sets the amount of space between lines of text in this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineSpacing(_ lineSpacing: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`lineSpacing`

    

The amount of space between the bottom of one line and the top of the next
line in points.

## Discussion

Use `lineSpacing(_:)` to set the amount of spacing from the bottom of one line
to the top of the next for text elements in the view.

In the `Text` view in the example below, 10 points separate the bottom of one
line to the top of the next as the text field wraps inside this view. Applying
`lineSpacing(_:)` to a view hierarchy applies the line spacing to all text
elements contained in the view.

## See Also

### Formatting multiline text

`var lineSpacing: CGFloat`

The distance in points between the bottom of one line fragment and the top of
the next.

`func multilineTextAlignment(TextAlignment) -> some View`

Sets the alignment of a text view that contains multiple lines of text.

`var multilineTextAlignment: TextAlignment`

An environment value that indicates how a text view aligns its lines when the
content wraps or contains newlines.

Instance Property

# lineSpacing

The distance in points between the bottom of one line fragment and the top of
the next.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var lineSpacing: CGFloat { get set }

## Discussion

This value is always nonnegative.

## See Also

### Formatting multiline text

`func lineSpacing(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the amount of space between lines of text in this view.

`func multilineTextAlignment(TextAlignment) -> some View`

Sets the alignment of a text view that contains multiple lines of text.

`var multilineTextAlignment: TextAlignment`

An environment value that indicates how a text view aligns its lines when the
content wraps or contains newlines.

Instance Method

# multilineTextAlignment(_:)

Sets the alignment of a text view that contains multiple lines of text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func multilineTextAlignment(_ alignment: TextAlignment) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`alignment`

    

A value that you use to align multiple lines of text within a view.

## Return Value

A view that aligns the lines of multiline `Text` instances it contains.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to set an alignment for a multiline block of text. For
example, the modifier centers the contents of the following `Text` view:

The text in the above example spans more than one line because:

  * The newline character introduces a line break.

  * The frame modifier limits the space available to the text view, and by default a text view wraps lines that don’t fit in the available width. As a result, the text before the explicit line break wraps to three lines, and the text after uses two lines.

The modifier applies the alignment to the all the lines of text in the view,
regardless of why wrapping occurs:

The modifier has no effect on a `Text` view that contains only one line of
text, because a text view has a width that exactly matches the width of its
widest line. If you want to align an entire text view rather than its
contents, set the aligment of its container, like a `VStack` or a frame that
you create with the
`frame(minWidth:idealWidth:maxWidth:minHeight:idealHeight:maxHeight:alignment:)`
modifier.

Note

You can use this modifier to control the alignment of a `Text` view that you
create with the `init(_:style:)` initializer to display localized dates and
times, including when the view uses only a single line, but only when that
view appears in a widget.

The modifier also affects the content alignment of other text container types,
like `TextEditor` and `TextField`. In those cases, the modifier sets the
alignment even when the view contains only a single line because view’s width
isn’t dictated by the width of the text it contains.

The modifier operates by setting the `multilineTextAlignment` value in the
environment, so it affects all the text containers in the modified view
hierarchy. For example, you can apply the modifier to a `VStack` to configure
all the text views inside the stack.

## See Also

### Formatting multiline text

`func lineSpacing(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the amount of space between lines of text in this view.

`var lineSpacing: CGFloat`

The distance in points between the bottom of one line fragment and the top of
the next.

`var multilineTextAlignment: TextAlignment`

An environment value that indicates how a text view aligns its lines when the
content wraps or contains newlines.

Instance Property

# multilineTextAlignment

An environment value that indicates how a text view aligns its lines when the
content wraps or contains newlines.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var multilineTextAlignment: TextAlignment { get set }

## Discussion

Set this value for a view hierarchy by applying the
`multilineTextAlignment(_:)` view modifier. Views in the hierarchy that
display text, like `Text` or `TextEditor`, read the value from the environment
and adjust their text alignment accordingly.

This value has no effect on a `Text` view that contains only one line of text,
because a text view has a width that exactly matches the width of its widest
line. If you want to align an entire text view rather than its contents, set
the aligment of its container, like a `VStack` or a frame that you create with
the
`frame(minWidth:idealWidth:maxWidth:minHeight:idealHeight:maxHeight:alignment:)`
modifier.

Note

You can use this value to control the alignment of a `Text` view that you
create with the `init(_:style:)` initializer to display localized dates and
times, including when the view uses only a single line, but only when that
view appears in a widget.

## See Also

### Formatting multiline text

`func lineSpacing(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the amount of space between lines of text in this view.

`var lineSpacing: CGFloat`

The distance in points between the bottom of one line fragment and the top of
the next.

`func multilineTextAlignment(TextAlignment) -> some View`

Sets the alignment of a text view that contains multiple lines of text.

Instance Method

# autocorrectionDisabled(_:)

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func autocorrectionDisabled(_ disable: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`disable`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether autocorrection is disabled for this
view. The default value is `true`.

## Discussion

Use this method when the effect of autocorrection would make it more difficult
for the user to input information. The entry of proper names and street
addresses are examples where autocorrection can negatively affect the user’s
ability complete a data entry task.

The example below configures a `TextField` with the default keyboard.
Disabling autocorrection allows the user to enter arbitrary text without the
autocorrection system offering suggestions or attempting to override their
input.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Property

# autocorrectionDisabled

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `false`.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# keyboardType(_:)

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func keyboardType(_ type: UIKeyboardType) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`type`

    

One of the keyboard types defined in the `UIKeyboardType` enumeration.

## Discussion

Use `keyboardType(_:)` to specify the keyboard type to use for text entry. A
number of different keyboard types are available to meet specialized input
needs, such as entering email addresses or phone numbers.

The example below presents a `TextField` to input an email address. Setting
the text field’s keyboard type to `.emailAddress` ensures the user can only
enter correctly formatted email addresses.

There are several different kinds of specialized keyboard types available
though the `UIKeyboardType` enumeration. To specify the default system
keyboard type, use `.default`.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# scrollDismissesKeyboard(_:)

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+

    
    
    func scrollDismissesKeyboard(_ mode: ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`mode`

    

The keyboard dismissal mode that scrollable content uses.

## Return Value

A view that uses the specified keyboard dismissal mode.

## Discussion

You use this modifier to customize how scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard. For example, you can specify a value of `immediately` to
indicate that you would like scrollable content to immediately dismiss the
keyboard if present when a scroll drag gesture begins.

You can also use this modifier to customize the keyboard dismissal behavior
for other kinds of scrollable views, like a `List` or a `TextEditor`.

By default, a `TextEditor` is interactive while other kinds of scrollable
content always dismiss the keyboard on a scroll when linked against iOS 16 or
later. Pass a value of `never` to indicate that scrollable content should
never automatically dismiss the keyboard.

## See Also

### Interacting with a software keyboard

`var scrollDismissesKeyboardMode: ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode`

The way that scrollable content interacts with the software keyboard.

`struct ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode`

The ways that scrollable content can interact with the software keyboard.

Instance Method

# textContentType(_:)

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textContentType(_ textContentType: UITextContentType?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textContentType`

    

One of the content types available in the `UITextContentType` structure that
identify the semantic meaning expected for a text-entry area. These include
support for email addresses, location names, URLs, and telephone numbers, to
name just a few.

## Discussion

Use this method to set the content type for input text. For example, you can
configure a `TextField` for the entry of email addresses:

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# textContentType(_:)

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

macOS 11.0+

    
    
    func textContentType(_ textContentType: NSTextContentType?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textContentType`

    

One of the content types available in the `NSTextContentType` structure that
identify the semantic meaning expected for a text-entry area.

## Discussion

Use this method to set the content type for input text. For example, you can
configure a `TextField` for the entry of a username:

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# textContentType(_:)

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

watchOS 6.0+

    
    
    func textContentType(_ textContentType: WKTextContentType?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textContentType`

    

One of the content types available in the `WKTextContentType` structure that
identify the semantic meaning expected for a text-entry area. These include
support for email addresses, location names, URLs, and telephone numbers, to
name just a few.

## Discussion

Use this method to set the content type for input text. For example, you can
configure a `TextField` for the entry of email addresses:

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# textInputAutocapitalization(_:)

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textInputAutocapitalization(_ autocapitalization: TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`autocapitalization`

    

One of the capitalizing behaviors defined in the `TextInputAutocapitalization`
struct or nil.

## Discussion

Use `textInputAutocapitalization(_:)` when you need to automatically
capitalize words, sentences, or other text like proper nouns.

In example below, as the user enters text the shift key is automatically
enabled before every word:

The `TextInputAutocapitalization` struct defines the available
autocapitalizing behavior. Providing `nil` to this view modifier does not
change the autocapitalization behavior. The default is
`TextInputAutocapitalization.sentences`.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Structure

# TextInputAutocapitalization

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TextInputAutocapitalization

## Overview

Pass an instance of `TextInputAutocapitalization` to the
`textInputAutocapitalization(_:)` view modifier.

## Topics

### Getting autocapitalization options

`static var characters: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize every letter.

`static var sentences: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter in
every sentence.

`static var words: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter of
every word.

`static var never: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will not capitalize anything.

### Creating an autocapitalization type

`init?(UITextAutocapitalizationType)`

Creates a new `TextInputAutocapitalization` struct from a
`UITextAutocapitalizationType` enum.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

Instance Method

# searchDictationBehavior(_:)

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func searchDictationBehavior(_ dictationBehavior: TextInputDictationBehavior) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Dictating text

`struct TextInputDictationActivation`

`struct TextInputDictationBehavior`

Structure

# TextInputDictationActivation

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TextInputDictationActivation

## Topics

### Getting activation values

`static let onLook: TextInputDictationActivation`

A configuration that activates dictation when someone selects the microphone
or looks at the entry field.

`static let onSelect: TextInputDictationActivation`

A configuration that activates dictation when someone selects the microphone.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Dictating text

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> some View`

`struct TextInputDictationBehavior`

Structure

# TextInputDictationBehavior

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TextInputDictationBehavior

## Topics

### Getting behavior values

`static let automatic: TextInputDictationBehavior`

A platform-appropriate default text input dictation behavior.

`static func inline(activation: TextInputDictationActivation) ->
TextInputDictationBehavior`

Adds a dictation microphone in the search bar.

`static let preventDictation: TextInputDictationBehavior`

Prevents the search bar from having a dictation microphone.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Dictating text

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> some View`

`struct TextInputDictationActivation`

Instance Method

# typeSelectEquivalent(_:)

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typeSelectEquivalent(_ text: Text?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The explicit text value to use as a type select equivalent for a view in a
collection.

## Discussion

By default, a type select equivalent is automatically derived from any `Text`
or `TextField` content in a list or table. In the below example, type select
can be used to select a person, even though no explicit value has been set.

An explicit type select value should be set when there is no textual content
or when a different value is desired compared to what’s displayed in the view.
Explicit values also provide a more performant for complex view types. In the
below example, type select is explicitly set to allow selection of views that
otherwise only display an image.

Setting an empty string value disables text selection for the view, and a
value of `nil` results in the view using its default value.

## See Also

### Specifying text equivalents

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

Instance Method

# typeSelectEquivalent(_:)

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typeSelectEquivalent(_ stringKey: LocalizedStringKey) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`stringKey`

    

The localized string key to use as a type select equivalent for a view in a
collection.

## Discussion

By default, a type select equivalent is automatically derived from any `Text`
or `TextField` content in a list or table. In the below example, type select
can be used to select a person, even though no explicit value has been set.

An explicit type select value should be set when there is no textual content
or when a different value is desired compared to what’s displayed in the view.
Explicit values also provide a more performant for complex view types. In the
below example, type select is explicitly set to allow selection of views that
otherwise only display an image.

Setting an empty string value disables text selection for the view, and a
value of `nil` results in the view using its default value.

## See Also

### Specifying text equivalents

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

Instance Method

# typeSelectEquivalent(_:)

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(_ string: S) -> some View where S : StringProtocol
    

##  Parameters

`string`

    

The string to use as a type select equivalent for a view in a collection.

## Discussion

By default, a type select equivalent is automatically derived from any `Text`
or `TextField` content in a list or table. In the below example, type select
can be used to select a person, even though no explicit value has been set.

An explicit type select value should be set when there is no textual content
or when a different value is desired compared to what’s displayed in the view.
Explicit values also provide a more performant for complex view types. In the
below example, type select is explicitly set to allow selection of views that
otherwise only display an image.

Setting an empty string value disables text selection for the view, and a
value of `nil` results in the view using its default value.

## See Also

### Specifying text equivalents

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

Article

# Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

## Overview

Localize SwiftUI views so users experience your app in their own native
language, region, and culture. Xcode parses SwiftUI views for strings to
localize when exporting a localization catalog. You can add hints so that
Xcode generates correct, hinted strings to localize for your app.

For information about string catalogs, see Localizing and varying text with a
string catalog.

### Add comments to text views

To ease the translation process, provide hints to translators that share how
and where your app displays the strings of a `Text` view. To add a hint, use
the optional `comment` parameter to the text view initializer
`init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. When you localize your app with Xcode, it
includes the comment string along with the string. For example, the following
text view includes a comment:

Xcode creates the following entry in your string catalog file for this view:

### Provide additional information with text views

You can localize many SwiftUI views that have a string label by providing a
string that SwiftUI interprets as a `LocalizedStringKey`. The system uses the
key to retrieve a localized value from your string catalog at runtime, or uses
the string directly if it can’t find the key in the catalog. For example,
SwiftUI uses the string input to the following `Label` initializer as a
localized string key:

If you additionally want to provide a comment for localization, you can use an
explicit `Text` view instead:

Many SwiftUI controls have view builder initializers that enable you to follow
this pattern. For more information on how to make your app’s text
translatable, see Preparing your app’s text for translation.

## See Also

### Localizing text

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Structure

# LocalizedStringKey

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @frozen
    struct LocalizedStringKey

## Overview

Initializers for several SwiftUI types – such as `Text`, `Toggle`, `Picker`
and others – implicitly look up a localized string when you provide a string
literal. When you use the initializer `Text("Hello")`, SwiftUI creates a
`LocalizedStringKey` for you and uses that to look up a localization of the
`Hello` string. This works because `LocalizedStringKey` conforms to
`ExpressibleByStringLiteral`.

Types whose initializers take a `LocalizedStringKey` usually have a
corresponding initializer that accepts a parameter that conforms to
`StringProtocol`. Passing a `String` variable to these initializers avoids
localization, which is usually appropriate when the variable contains a user-
provided value.

As a general rule, use a string literal argument when you want localization,
and a string variable argument when you don’t. In the case where you want to
localize the value of a string variable, use the string to create a new
`LocalizedStringKey` instance.

The following example shows how to create `Text` instances both with and
without localization. The title parameter provided to the `Section` is a
literal string, so SwiftUI creates a `LocalizedStringKey` for it. However, the
string entries in the `messageStore.today` array are `String` variables, so
the `Text` views in the list use the string values verbatim.

If the app is localized into Japanese with the following translation of its
`Localizable.strings` file:

    
    
    "Today" = "今日";
    

When run in Japanese, the example produces a list like the following,
localizing “Today” for the section header, but not the list items.

## Topics

### Creating a key from a literal value

`init(String)`

Creates a localized string key from the given string value.

`init(stringLiteral: String)`

Creates a localized string key from the given string literal.

### Creating a key from an interpolation

`init(stringInterpolation: LocalizedStringKey.StringInterpolation)`

Creates a localized string key from the given string interpolation.

`struct StringInterpolation`

Represents the contents of a string literal with interpolations while it’s
being built, for use in creating a localized string key.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `ExpressibleByExtendedGraphemeClusterLiteral`
  * `ExpressibleByStringInterpolation`
  * `ExpressibleByStringLiteral`
  * `ExpressibleByUnicodeScalarLiteral`

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Instance Property

# locale

The current locale that views should use.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var locale: Locale { get set }

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Instance Method

# typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)

Specifies the language for typesetting.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typesettingLanguage(
        _ language: Locale.Language,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The explicit language to use for typesetting.

`isEnabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text langauge is added

## Return Value

A view with the typesetting language set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

In some cases `Text` may contain text of a particular language which doesn’t
match the device UI language. In that case it’s useful to specify a language
so line height, line breaking and spacing will respect the script used for
that language. For example:

Note: this language does not affect text localization.

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Instance Method

# typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)

Specifies the language for typesetting.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typesettingLanguage(
        _ language: TypesettingLanguage,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The language to use for typesetting.

`isEnabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text language is added

## Return Value

A view with the typesetting language set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

In some cases `Text` may contain text of a particular language which doesn’t
match the device UI language. In that case it’s useful to specify a language
so line height, line breaking and spacing will respect the script used for
that language. For example:

Note: this language does not affect text localized localization.

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Structure

# TypesettingLanguage

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct TypesettingLanguage

## Overview

Use a modifier like `typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)` to specify the
typesetting language.

## Topics

### Getting language behavior

`static let automatic: TypesettingLanguage`

Automatic language behavior.

`static func explicit(Locale.Language) -> TypesettingLanguage`

Use explicit language.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

Enumeration

# ContentSizeCategory

The sizes that you can specify for content.

iOS 13.0–17.4  Deprecated  iPadOS 13.0–17.4  Deprecated  macOS 10.15–14.4
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.0–17.4  Deprecated  tvOS 13.0–17.4  Deprecated
watchOS 6.0–10.4  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    enum ContentSizeCategory

Deprecated

Use `DynamicTypeSize` instead.

## Topics

### Content size categories

`case accessibilityExtraExtraExtraLarge`

`case accessibilityExtraExtraLarge`

`case accessibilityExtraLarge`

`case accessibilityLarge`

`case accessibilityMedium`

`case extraExtraExtraLarge`

`case extraExtraLarge`

`case extraLarge`

`case extraSmall`

`case large`

`case medium`

`case small`

### Creating a size category

`init?(UIContentSizeCategory)`

Create a size category from its UIContentSizeCategory equivalent.

### Comparing content size categories

`var isAccessibilityCategory: Bool`

A Boolean value indicating whether the content size category is one that is
associated with accessibility.

### Operators

`static func < (ContentSizeCategory, ContentSizeCategory) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether the value of the first argument is
less than that of the second argument.

`static func > (ContentSizeCategory, ContentSizeCategory) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether the value of the first argument is
greater than that of the second argument.

`static func <= (ContentSizeCategory, ContentSizeCategory) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether the value of the first argument is
less than or equal to that of the second argument.

`static func >= (ContentSizeCategory, ContentSizeCategory) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether the value of the first argument is
greater than or equal to that of the second argument.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `CaseIterable`
  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`



# TableColumnBuilder

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:)

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<Column>(_ column: Column) -> Column where RowValue == Column.TableRowValue, Column : TableColumnContent, Column.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C7 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C7 : TableColumnContent, C8 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C7.TableRowValue == C8.TableRowValue, C8.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8,
        _ c9: C9
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C7 : TableColumnContent, C8 : TableColumnContent, C9 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C7.TableRowValue == C8.TableRowValue, C8.TableColumnSortComparator == Never, C8.TableRowValue == C9.TableRowValue, C9.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Column>(_ column: Column) -> Column where RowValue == Column.TableRowValue, Column : TableColumnContent, Column.TableColumnSortComparator == Never

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Never,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value type matches that of
the builder.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(_ column: TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Never, Content, Label> where Content : View, Label : View

## See Also

### Building an unsortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, unsortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Never, (C0, C1)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Never, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates an unsortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, unsortable single column expression.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:)

Creates a single, sortable column result.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<Column>(_ column: Column) -> Column where RowValue == Column.TableRowValue, Sort == Column.TableColumnSortComparator, Column : TableColumnContent

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C7 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C7 : TableColumnContent, C8 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableRowValue == C8.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8,
        _ c9: C9
    ) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)> where RowValue == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableColumnContent, C1 : TableColumnContent, C2 : TableColumnContent, C3 : TableColumnContent, C4 : TableColumnContent, C5 : TableColumnContent, C6 : TableColumnContent, C7 : TableColumnContent, C8 : TableColumnContent, C9 : TableColumnContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableRowValue == C8.TableRowValue, C8.TableRowValue == C9.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Column>(_ column: Column) -> Column where RowValue == Column.TableRowValue, Sort == Column.TableColumnSortComparator, Column : TableColumnContent

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(TableColumn<RowValue, Sort,
Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Creates a sortable table column expression whose value and sort types match
those of the builder.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Content, Label>(_ column: TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label> where Content : View, Label : View

## See Also

### Building a sortable column

`static func buildBlock<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a single, sortable column result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue,
Sort, (C0, C1)>`

Creates a sortable column result from two sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a sortable column result from three sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a sortable column result from four sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a sortable column result from five sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a sortable column result from six sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a sortable column result from seven sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a sortable column result from eight sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a sortable column result from nine sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, (C0,
C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a sortable column result from ten sources.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

`static func buildExpression<Column>(Column) -> Column`

Creates a generic, sortable single column expression.

Structure

# TupleTableColumnContent

A type of table column content that creates table columns created from a Swift
tuple of table columns.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @frozen
    struct TupleTableColumnContent<RowValue, Sort, T> where RowValue : Identifiable, Sort : SortComparator

## Overview

Don’t use this type directly; instead, SwiftUI uses this type as the return
value from the various `buildBlock` methods in `TableColumnBuilder`. The size
of the tuple corresponds to how many columns you create in the `columns`
closure you provide to the `Table` initializer.

## Topics

### Accessing the value

`var value: T`

The value of a row presented by this column content.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TableColumnContent`

Type Method

# buildEither(first:)

Creates a column result for the first of two column content alternatives.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F> where RowValue == T.TableRowValue, Sort == T.TableColumnSortComparator, T : TableColumnContent, F : TableColumnContent, T.TableColumnSortComparator == F.TableColumnSortComparator, T.TableRowValue == F.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## Discussion

This method provides support for “if” statements in multi-statement closures,
producing conditional content for the “then” branch.

Type Method

# buildEither(second:)

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F> where RowValue == T.TableRowValue, Sort == T.TableColumnSortComparator, T : TableColumnContent, F : TableColumnContent, T.TableColumnSortComparator == F.TableColumnSortComparator, T.TableRowValue == F.TableRowValue

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## Discussion

This method provides support for “if” statements in multi-statement closures,
producing conditional content for the “else” branch.

Type Method

# buildIf(_:)

Creates a column result for conditional statements.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    static func buildIf<C>(_ content: C?) -> C? where RowValue == C.TableRowValue, Sort == C.TableColumnSortComparator, C : TableColumnContent

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable` and `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`.

## Discussion

This method provides support for “if” statements in multi-statement closures,
producing an optional value that is visible only when the condition evaluates
to `true`.



# TableColumnForEach

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the identity of the underlying data.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    init(
        _ data: Data,
        @TableColumnBuilder<TableColumnForEach<Data, ID, RowValue, Sort, Content>.TableRowValue, TableColumnForEach<Data, ID, RowValue, Sort, Content>.TableColumnSortComparator> content: @escaping (Data.Element) -> Content
    ) where ID == Data.Element.ID, Data.Element : Identifiable

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identified data that the `TableColumnForEach` instance uses to create
table columns dynamically.

`content`

    

The table column builder that creates columns dynamically for each element.

## See Also

### Creating the collection

`init(Range<Int>, content: (Int) -> Content)`

Creates an instance that computes table columns on demand over a given
constant range.

`init(Data, id: KeyPath<Data.Element, ID>, content: (Data.Element) ->
Content)`

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the provided key path to the underlying data’s identifier.

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates an instance that computes table columns on demand over a given
constant range.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    init(
        _ data: Range<Int>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<TableColumnForEach<Range<Int>, Int, RowValue, Sort, Content>.TableRowValue, TableColumnForEach<Range<Int>, Int, RowValue, Sort, Content>.TableColumnSortComparator> content: @escaping (Int) -> Content
    ) where Data == Range<Int>, ID == Int

##  Parameters

`data`

    

A constant range.

`content`

    

The table column builder that creates columns based on the range index.

## Discussion

The instance only reads the initial value of the provided `data` and doesn’t
need to identify columns across updates. To compute columns on demand over a
dynamic range, use `init(_:id:content:)`.

## See Also

### Creating the collection

`init(Data, content: (Data.Element) -> Content)`

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the identity of the underlying data.

`init(Data, id: KeyPath<Data.Element, ID>, content: (Data.Element) ->
Content)`

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the provided key path to the underlying data’s identifier.

Initializer

# init(_:id:content:)

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the provided key path to the underlying data’s identifier.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    init(
        _ data: Data,
        id: KeyPath<Data.Element, ID>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<TableColumnForEach<Data, ID, RowValue, Sort, Content>.TableRowValue, TableColumnForEach<Data, ID, RowValue, Sort, Content>.TableColumnSortComparator> content: @escaping (Data.Element) -> Content
    )

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The data that the `TableColumnForEach` instance uses to create table columns
dynamically.

`id`

    

The key path to the provided data’s identifier.

`content`

    

The table column builder that creates columns dynamically for each element.

## See Also

### Creating the collection

`init(Data, content: (Data.Element) -> Content)`

Creates an instance that uniquely identifies and creates table columns across
updates based on the identity of the underlying data.

`init(Range<Int>, content: (Int) -> Content)`

Creates an instance that computes table columns on demand over a given
constant range.

Instance Property

# content

A function to create content on demand using the underlying data.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    var content: (Data.Element) -> Content

## See Also

### Accessing collection content

`var data: Data`

The collection of underlying identified data that SwiftUI uses to create
columns dynamically.

Instance Property

# data

The collection of underlying identified data that SwiftUI uses to create
columns dynamically.

iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  Mac Catalyst 17.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    var data: Data

## See Also

### Accessing collection content

`var content: (Data.Element) -> Content`

A function to create content on demand using the underlying data.



# TableRowBuilder

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:)

Creates a single row result.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C>(_ content: C) -> C where Value == C.TableRowValue, C : TableRowContent

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:)

Creates a row result from two sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from three sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from four sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from five sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C4 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from six sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C4 : TableRowContent, C5 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from seven sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C4 : TableRowContent, C5 : TableRowContent, C6 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from eight sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C4 : TableRowContent, C5 : TableRowContent, C6 : TableRowContent, C7 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from nine sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C4 : TableRowContent, C5 : TableRowContent, C6 : TableRowContent, C7 : TableRowContent, C8 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableRowValue == C8.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)>`

Creates a row result from ten sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

Creates a row result from ten sources.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8,
        _ c9: C9
    ) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9)> where Value == C0.TableRowValue, C0 : TableRowContent, C1 : TableRowContent, C2 : TableRowContent, C3 : TableRowContent, C4 : TableRowContent, C5 : TableRowContent, C6 : TableRowContent, C7 : TableRowContent, C8 : TableRowContent, C9 : TableRowContent, C0.TableRowValue == C1.TableRowValue, C1.TableRowValue == C2.TableRowValue, C2.TableRowValue == C3.TableRowValue, C3.TableRowValue == C4.TableRowValue, C4.TableRowValue == C5.TableRowValue, C5.TableRowValue == C6.TableRowValue, C6.TableRowValue == C7.TableRowValue, C7.TableRowValue == C8.TableRowValue, C8.TableRowValue == C9.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## See Also

### Building a row from sources

`static func buildBlock<C>(C) -> C`

Creates a single row result.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0,
C1)>`

Creates a row result from two sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value,
(C0, C1, C2)>`

Creates a row result from three sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3)>`

Creates a row result from four sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4)>`

Creates a row result from five sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5)>`

Creates a row result from six sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6)>`

Creates a row result from seven sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7)>`

Creates a row result from eight sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> TupleTableRowContent<Value, (C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6, C7, C8)>`

Creates a row result from nine sources.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

Type Method

# buildIf(_:)

Creates a row result for conditional statements.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildIf<C>(_ content: C?) -> C? where Value == C.TableRowValue, C : TableRowContent

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## Discussion

This method provides support for “if” statements in multi-statement closures,
producing an optional value that is visible only when the condition evaluates
to `true`.

## See Also

### Building a row from conditionals

`static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the first of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

Type Method

# buildEither(first:)

Creates a row result for the first of two row content alternatives.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F> where Value == T.TableRowValue, T : TableRowContent, F : TableRowContent, T.TableRowValue == F.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## Discussion

This method provides support for “if” statements in multi-statement closures,
producing conditional content for the “then” branch.

## See Also

### Building a row from conditionals

`static func buildIf<C>(C?) -> C?`

Creates a row result for conditional statements.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

Type Method

# buildEither(second:)

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F> where Value == T.TableRowValue, T : TableRowContent, F : TableRowContent, T.TableRowValue == F.TableRowValue

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

## Discussion

This method provides support for “if” statements in multi-statement closures,
producing conditional content for the “else” branch.

## See Also

### Building a row from conditionals

`static func buildIf<C>(C?) -> C?`

Creates a row result for conditional statements.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the first of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Builds an expression within the builder.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Content>(_ content: Content) -> Content where Value == Content.TableRowValue, Content : TableRowContent

## See Also

### Building a row from conditionals

`static func buildIf<C>(C?) -> C?`

Creates a row result for conditional statements.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(first: T) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the first of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.

`static func buildEither<T, F>(second: F) -> _ConditionalContent<T, F>`

Creates a row result for the second of two row content alternatives.

Available when `Value` conforms to `Identifiable`.



# ToolbarItemPlacement

Type Property

# automatic

The system places the item automatically, depending on many factors including
the platform, size class, or presence of other items.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let automatic: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places items in the current
toolbar section in order of leading to trailing. On watchOS, only the first
item appears, pinned beneath the navigation bar.

In iPadOS, the system places items in the center of the navigation bar if the
navigation bar supports customization. Otherwise, it places items in the
trailing position of the navigation bar.

In iOS, and tvOS, the system places items in the trailing position of the
navigation bar.

In iOS, iPadOS, and macOS, the system uses the space available to the toolbar
when determining how many items to render in the toolbar. If not all items fit
in the available space, an overflow menu may be created and remaining items
placed in that menu.

## See Also

### Getting semantic placement

`static let principal: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The system places the item in the principal item section.

`static let status: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a change in status for the current context.

Type Property

# principal

The system places the item in the principal item section.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  visionOS
1.0+

    
    
    static let principal: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

Principal actions are key units of functionality that receive prominent
placement. For example, the location field for a web browser is a principal
item.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places the principal item in the
center of the toolbar.

In iOS, iPadOS, and tvOS, the system places the principal item in the center
of the navigation bar. This item takes precedent over a title specified
through `View/navigationTitle`.

## See Also

### Getting semantic placement

`static let automatic: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The system places the item automatically, depending on many factors including
the platform, size class, or presence of other items.

`static let status: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a change in status for the current context.

Type Property

# status

The item represents a change in status for the current context.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let status: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

Status items are informational in nature, and don’t represent an action that
can be taken by the user. For example, a message that indicates the time of
the last communication with the server to check for new messages.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places status items in the
center of the toolbar.

In iOS and iPadOS, the system places status items in the center of the bottom
toolbar.

## See Also

### Getting semantic placement

`static let automatic: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The system places the item automatically, depending on many factors including
the platform, size class, or presence of other items.

`static let principal: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The system places the item in the principal item section.

Type Property

# primaryAction

The item represents a primary action.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

A primary action is a more frequently used action for the current context. For
example, a button the user clicks or taps to compose a new message in a chat
app.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the location for the primary action is the
leading edge of the toolbar.

In iOS, iPadOS, and tvOS, the location for the primary action is the trailing
edge of the navigation bar.

In watchOS the system places the primary action beneath the navigation bar;
the user reveals the action by scrolling.

## See Also

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a secondary action.

`static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

`static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

`static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

`static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a navigation action.

Type Property

# secondaryAction

The item represents a secondary action.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

A secondary action is a frequently used action for the current context but is
not a requirement for the current context to function.

## See Also

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a primary action.

`static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

`static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

`static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

`static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a navigation action.

Type Property

# confirmationAction

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

Use confirmation actions to receive user confirmation of a particular action.
An example of a confirmation action would be an action with the label “Add” to
add a new event to the calendar.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places `confirmationAction`
items on the trailing edge in the trailing-most position of the sheet and gain
the apps accent color as a background color.

In iOS, iPadOS, and tvOS, the system places `confirmationAction` items in the
same location as a `primaryAction` placement.

In watchOS, the system places `confirmationAction` items in the trailing edge
of the navigation bar.

## See Also

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a primary action.

`static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a secondary action.

`static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

`static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

`static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a navigation action.

Type Property

# cancellationAction

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

Cancellation actions dismiss the modal interface without taking any action,
usually by tapping or clicking a Cancel button.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places `cancellationAction`
items on the trailing edge of the sheet but places them before any
`confirmationAction` items.

In iOS, iPadOS, tvOS, and watchOS, the system places `cancellationAction`
items on the leading edge of the navigation bar.

## See Also

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a primary action.

`static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a secondary action.

`static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

`static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

`static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a navigation action.

Type Property

# destructiveAction

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

Destructive actions represent the opposite of a confirmation action. For
example, a button labeled “Don’t Save” that allows the user to discard unsaved
changes to a document before quitting.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places `destructiveAction` items
in the leading edge of the sheet and gives them a special appearance to
caution against accidental use.

In iOS, tvOS, and watchOS, the system places `destructiveAction` items in the
trailing edge of the navigation bar.

## See Also

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a primary action.

`static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a secondary action.

`static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

`static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

`static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a navigation action.

Type Property

# navigation

The item represents a navigation action.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  visionOS
1.0+

    
    
    static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

Navigation actions allow the user to move between contexts. For example, the
forward and back buttons of a web browser are navigation actions.

In macOS and in Mac Catalyst apps, the system places navigation items in the
leading edge of the toolbar ahead of the inline title if that is present in
the toolbar.

In iOS, iPadOS, and tvOS, navigation items appear in the leading edge of the
navigation bar. If a system navigation item such as a back button is present
in a compact width, it instead appears in the `primaryAction` placement.

## See Also

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a primary action.

`static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a secondary action.

`static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

`static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

`static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

Type Property

# topBarLeading

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 10.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @backDeployed(before: iOS 17.0, tvOS 17.0)
    static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement { get }

## Discussion

On watchOS, iOS, and tvOS, the top bar is the navigation bar.

## See Also

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

`static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

`static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

Type Property

# topBarTrailing

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 10.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @backDeployed(before: iOS 17.0, tvOS 17.0)
    static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement { get }

## Discussion

On watchOS, iOS, and tvOS, the top bar is the navigation bar.

## See Also

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

`static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

`static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

Type Property

# bottomBar

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  watchOS 10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement

## See Also

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

`static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

`static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

Type Property

# bottomOrnament

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement

## See Also

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

`static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

`static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

Type Property

# keyboard

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+

    
    
    static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement

## Discussion

On iOS, keyboard items are above the software keyboard when present, or at the
bottom of the screen when a hardware keyboard is attached.

On macOS, keyboard items will be placed inside the Touch Bar.

A `FocusedValue`can be used to adjust the content of the keyboard bar based on
the currently focused view. In the example below, the keyboard bar gains
additional buttons only when the appropriate `TextField` is focused.

## See Also

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

`static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

`static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

Type Method

# accessoryBar(id:)

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

macOS 13.0+

    
    
    @backDeployed(before: macOS 14.0)
    static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement where ID : Hashable

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A unique identifier for this placement.

## Discussion

On macOS, items with an accessory bar placement are placed in a section below
the title bar and toolbar area of the window. Each separate identifier will
correspond to a separate accessory bar that is added to this area.

## See Also

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

`static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

`static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

`static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

Initializer

# init(id:)

Creates a custom accessory bar item placement.

macOS 13.0–14.0  Deprecated

    
    
    init<ID>(id: ID) where ID : Hashable

Deprecated

Use `accessoryBar(id:)` instead.

## See Also

### Deprecated symbols

`static let navigationBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the navigation bar.

Deprecated

`static let navigationBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the navigation bar.

Deprecated

Type Property

# navigationBarLeading

Places the item in the leading edge of the navigation bar.

iOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  iPadOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  Mac Catalyst
14.0–17.4  Deprecated  tvOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let navigationBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement

Deprecated

Use `topBarLeading` instead.

## See Also

### Deprecated symbols

`init<ID>(id: ID)`

Creates a custom accessory bar item placement.

Deprecated

`static let navigationBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the navigation bar.

Deprecated

Type Property

# navigationBarTrailing

Places the item in the trailing edge of the navigation bar.

iOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  iPadOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  Mac Catalyst
14.0–17.4  Deprecated  tvOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let navigationBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement

Deprecated

Use `topBarTrailing` instead.

## See Also

### Deprecated symbols

`init<ID>(id: ID)`

Creates a custom accessory bar item placement.

Deprecated

`static let navigationBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the navigation bar.

Deprecated



# ToolbarContentBuilder

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<Content>(_ content: Content) -> some ToolbarContent where Content : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent, C4 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent, C4 : ToolbarContent, C5 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent, C4 : ToolbarContent, C5 : ToolbarContent, C6 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent, C4 : ToolbarContent, C5 : ToolbarContent, C6 : ToolbarContent, C7 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent, C4 : ToolbarContent, C5 : ToolbarContent, C6 : ToolbarContent, C7 : ToolbarContent, C8 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8,
        _ c9: C9
    ) -> some ToolbarContent where C0 : ToolbarContent, C1 : ToolbarContent, C2 : ToolbarContent, C3 : ToolbarContent, C4 : ToolbarContent, C5 : ToolbarContent, C6 : ToolbarContent, C7 : ToolbarContent, C8 : ToolbarContent, C9 : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<Content>(_ content: Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where Content : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C4 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C4 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C5 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C4 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C5 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C6 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C4 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C5 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C6 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C7 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C4 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C5 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C6 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C7 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C8 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildBlock(_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(
        _ c0: C0,
        _ c1: C1,
        _ c2: C2,
        _ c3: C3,
        _ c4: C4,
        _ c5: C5,
        _ c6: C6,
        _ c7: C7,
        _ c8: C8,
        _ c9: C9
    ) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where C0 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C1 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C2 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C3 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C4 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C5 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C6 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C7 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C8 : CustomizableToolbarContent, C9 : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildIf(_:)

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildIf<Content>(_ content: Content?) -> Content? where Content : ToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildIf(_:)

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildIf<Content>(_ content: Content?) -> Content? where Content : CustomizableToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildEither(first:)

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) -> _ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent> where TrueContent : ToolbarContent, FalseContent : ToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildEither(first:)

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) -> _ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent> where TrueContent : CustomizableToolbarContent, FalseContent : CustomizableToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildEither(second:)

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) -> _ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent> where TrueContent : CustomizableToolbarContent, FalseContent : CustomizableToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildEither(second:)

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) -> _ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent> where TrueContent : ToolbarContent, FalseContent : ToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Builds an expression within the builder.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Content>(_ content: Content) -> Content where Content : CustomizableToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildExpression(_:)

Builds an expression within the builder.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildExpression<Content>(_ content: Content) -> Content where Content : ToolbarContent

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildLimitedAvailability(_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(_ content: Content) -> some ToolbarContent where Content : ToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Type Method

# buildLimitedAvailability(_:)

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(_ content: Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent where Content : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

## See Also

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`



# TransitionPhase

Case

# TransitionPhase.identity

The transition is being applied to a view that is in the view hierarchy.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case identity

## Discussion

In this phase, a transition should show its steady state appearance, which
will generally not make any visual change to the view.

## See Also

### Getting the phase

`case willAppear`

The transition is being applied to a view that is about to be inserted into
the view hierarchy.

`case didDisappear`

The transition is being applied to a view that has been requested to be
removed from the view hierarchy.

Case

# TransitionPhase.willAppear

The transition is being applied to a view that is about to be inserted into
the view hierarchy.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case willAppear

## Discussion

In this phase, a transition should show the appearance that will be animated
from to make the appearance transition.

## See Also

### Getting the phase

`case identity`

The transition is being applied to a view that is in the view hierarchy.

`case didDisappear`

The transition is being applied to a view that has been requested to be
removed from the view hierarchy.

Case

# TransitionPhase.didDisappear

The transition is being applied to a view that has been requested to be
removed from the view hierarchy.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case didDisappear

## Discussion

In this phase, a transition should show the appearance that will be animated
to to make the disappearance transition.

## See Also

### Getting the phase

`case identity`

The transition is being applied to a view that is in the view hierarchy.

`case willAppear`

The transition is being applied to a view that is about to be inserted into
the view hierarchy.

Instance Property

# isIdentity

A Boolean that indicates whether the transition should have an identity
effect, i.e. not change the appearance of its view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isIdentity: Bool { get }

## Discussion

This is true in the `identity` phase.

## See Also

### Getting phase characteristics

`var value: Double`

A value that can be used to multiply effects that are applied differently
depending on the phase.

Instance Property

# value

A value that can be used to multiply effects that are applied differently
depending on the phase.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var value: Double { get }

## Return Value

Zero when in the `identity` case, -1.0 for `willAppear`, and 1.0 for
`didDisappear`.

## See Also

### Getting phase characteristics

`var isIdentity: Bool`

A Boolean that indicates whether the transition should have an identity
effect, i.e. not change the appearance of its view.



# ToolbarPlacement

Type Property

# automatic

The primary toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement { get }

## Discussion

Depending on the context, this may refer to the navigation bar of an app on
iOS, or watchOS, the tab bar of an app on tvOS, or the window toolbar of an
app on macOS.

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

Type Method

# accessoryBar(id:)

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

macOS 13.0+

    
    
    @backDeployed(before: macOS 14.0)
    static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement where ID : Hashable

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A unique identifier for this placement.

## Discussion

On macOS, accessory bars are in a section below the title bar and toolbar area
of the window. Each separate identifier will correspond to a separate
accessory bar that is added to this area.

Use a custom placement to control the appearance of the containing bar for
items using a custom `ToolbarItemPlacement` with the same identifier.

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

Type Property

# bottomBar

The bottom toolbar of an app.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  watchOS 10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement { get }

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

Type Property

# bottomOrnament

The bottom ornament of an app.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement { get }

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

Type Property

# navigationBar

The navigation bar of an app.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS 9.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement { get }

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

Type Property

# tabBar

The tab bar of an app.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement { get }

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

Type Property

# windowToolbar

The window toolbar of an app.

macOS 13.0+

    
    
    static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement { get }

## See Also

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

Initializer

# init(id:)

Creates a custom accessory bar placement.

macOS 13.0–14.0  Deprecated

    
    
    init<ID>(id: ID) where ID : Hashable

Deprecated

Use `init(id:)` instead.



# ToolbarRole

Type Property

# browser

The browser role.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var browser: ToolbarRole { get }

## Discussion

Use this role for content that can be navigated forwards and backwards. In
iPadOS, this will leading align the navigation title and allow for toolbar
items to occupy the center of the navigation bar.

## See Also

### Behavior-specific roles

`static var editor: ToolbarRole`

The editor role.

`static var navigationStack: ToolbarRole`

The navigationStack role.

Type Property

# editor

The editor role.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var editor: ToolbarRole { get }

## Discussion

Use this role for a toolbar that primarily displays controls geared towards
editing document-like content. In iPadOS, this will leading align the
navigation title, allow for toolbar items to occupy the center of the
navigation bar, and provide a custom appearance for any back button present in
the toolbar.

## See Also

### Behavior-specific roles

`static var browser: ToolbarRole`

The browser role.

`static var navigationStack: ToolbarRole`

The navigationStack role.

Type Property

# navigationStack

The navigationStack role.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS 9.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var navigationStack: ToolbarRole { get }

## Discussion

Use this role for content that can be pushed and popped.

## See Also

### Behavior-specific roles

`static var browser: ToolbarRole`

The browser role.

`static var editor: ToolbarRole`

The editor role.

Type Property

# automatic

The automatic role.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: ToolbarRole { get }

## Discussion

In iOS, tvOS, and watchOS this resolves to the `navigationStack` role. In
macOS, this resolves to the `editor` role.



# TextInputDictationActivation

Type Property

# onLook

A configuration that activates dictation when someone selects the microphone
or looks at the entry field.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let onLook: TextInputDictationActivation

## See Also

### Getting activation values

`static let onSelect: TextInputDictationActivation`

A configuration that activates dictation when someone selects the microphone.

Type Property

# onSelect

A configuration that activates dictation when someone selects the microphone.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let onSelect: TextInputDictationActivation

## See Also

### Getting activation values

`static let onLook: TextInputDictationActivation`

A configuration that activates dictation when someone selects the microphone
or looks at the entry field.



# TitleOnlyLabelStyle

Initializer

# init()

Creates a title-only label style.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# TextField

Initializer

# init(_:text:)

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        text: Binding<String>
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the localized title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a string

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:)

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        text: Binding<String>
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text view, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:prompt:)

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        text: Binding<String>,
        prompt: Text?
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the localized title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` representing the prompt of the text field which provides users with
guidance on what to type into the text field.

## Discussion

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:prompt:)

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        text: Binding<String>,
        prompt: Text?
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text view, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` representing the prompt of the text field which provides users with
guidance on what to type into the text field.

## Discussion

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(text:prompt:label:)

Creates a text field with a prompt generated from a `Text`.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        text: Binding<String>,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    )

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` representing the prompt of the text field which provides users with
guidance on what to type into the text field.

`label`

    

A view that describes the purpose of the text field.

## Discussion

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:axis:)

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        text: Binding<String>,
        axis: Axis
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the localized title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`axis`

    

The axis in which to scroll text when it doesn’t fit in the available space.

## Discussion

Specify a preferred axis in which the text field should scroll its content
when it does not fit in the available space. Depending on the style of the
field, this axis may not be respected.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a scrollable text field

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a prompt generated from a
`Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:axis:)

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
title string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        text: Binding<String>,
        axis: Axis
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text view, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`axis`

    

The axis in which to scroll text when it doesn’t fit in the available space.

## Discussion

Specify a preferred axis in which the text field should scroll its content
when it does not fit in the available space. Depending on the style of the
field, this axis may not be respected.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a scrollable text field

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a prompt generated from a
`Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:prompt:axis:)

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        text: Binding<String>,
        prompt: Text?,
        axis: Axis
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the localized title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` representing the prompt of the text field which provides users with
guidance on what to type into the text field.

`axis`

    

The axis in which to scroll text when it doesn’t fit in the available space.

## Discussion

Specify a preferred axis in which the text field should scroll its content
when it does not fit in the available space. Depending on the style of the
field, this axis may not be respected.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a scrollable text field

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a prompt generated from a
`Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:text:prompt:axis:)

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        text: Binding<String>,
        prompt: Text?,
        axis: Axis
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text view, describing its purpose.

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` representing the prompt of the text field which provides users with
guidance on what to type into the text field.

`axis`

    

The axis in which to scroll text when it doesn’t fit in the available space.

## Discussion

Specify a preferred axis in which the text field should scroll its content
when it does not fit in the available space. Depending on the style of the
field, this axis may not be respected.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a scrollable text field

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a prompt generated from a
`Text`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(text:prompt:axis:label:)

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a prompt generated from a
`Text`.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        text: Binding<String>,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        axis: Axis,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    )

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The text to display and edit.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` representing the prompt of the text field which provides users with
guidance on what to type into the text field.

`axis`

    

The axis in which to scroll text when it doesn’t fit in the available space.

`label`

    

A view that describes the purpose of the text field.

## Discussion

Specify a preferred axis in which the text field should scroll its content
when it does not fit in the available space. Depending on the style of the
field, this axis may not be respected.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

## See Also

### Creating a scrollable text field

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a preferred axis and a text label generated from a
localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, prompt: Text?, axis: Axis)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:format:prompt:)

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<F>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: Binding<F.FormatInput>,
        format: F,
        prompt: Text? = nil
    ) where F : ParseableFormatStyle, F.FormatOutput == String

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to use when converting between the string the user
edits and the underlying value of type `F.FormatInput`. If `format` can’t
perform the conversion, the text field leaves `binding.value` unchanged. If
the user stops editing the text in an invalid state, the text field updates
the field’s text to the last known valid value.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to type into the text
field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound value, using
a `ParseableFormatStyle` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the
bound value update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text
field updates the bound value, as long as the format style can parse the text.
If the format style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`FloatingPointFormatStyle` instance to convert to and from a string
representation. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:format:prompt:)

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, F>(
        _ title: S,
        value: Binding<F.FormatInput>,
        format: F,
        prompt: Text? = nil
    ) where S : StringProtocol, F : ParseableFormatStyle, F.FormatOutput == String

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to use when converting between the string the user
edits and the underlying value of type `F.FormatInput`. If `format` can’t
perform the conversion, the text field leaves `binding.value` unchanged. If
the user stops editing the text in an invalid state, the text field updates
the field’s text to the last known valid value.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to type into the text
field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound value, using
a `ParseableFormatStyle` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the
bound value update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text
field updates the bound value, as long as the format style can parse the text.
If the format style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`FloatingPointFormatStyle` instance to convert to and from a string
representation. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(value:format:prompt:label:)

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<F>(
        value: Binding<F.FormatInput>,
        format: F,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    ) where F : ParseableFormatStyle, F.FormatOutput == String

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to use when converting between the string the user
edits and the underlying value of type `F.FormatInput`. If `format` can’t
perform the conversion, the text field leaves the value unchanged. If the user
stops editing the text in an invalid state, the text field updates the field’s
text to the last known valid value.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to type into the text
field.

`label`

    

A view builder that produces a label for the text field, describing its
purpose.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound value, using
a `ParseableFormatStyle` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the
bound value update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text
field updates the bound value, as long as the format style can parse the text.
If the format style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`FloatingPointFormatStyle` instance to convert to and from a string
representation. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:formatter:)

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, V>(
        _ title: S,
        value: Binding<V>,
        formatter: Formatter
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text view, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`formatter`

    

A formatter to use when converting between the string the user edits and the
underlying value of type `V`. If `formatter` can’t perform the conversion, the
text field doesn’t modify `binding.value`.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound optional
value, using a `Formatter` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the
bound value update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text
field updates the bound value, as long as the formatter can parse the text. If
the format style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`NumberFormatter` instance to convert to and from a string representation. The
formatter uses the `NumberFormatter.Style.decimal` style, to allow entering a
fractional part. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:formatter:)

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: Binding<V>,
        formatter: Formatter
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the localized title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`formatter`

    

A formatter to use when converting between the string the user edits and the
underlying value of type `V`. If `formatter` can’t perform the conversion, the
text field doesn’t modify `binding.value`.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound optional
value, using a `Formatter` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the
bound value update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text
field updates the bound value, as long as the formatter can parse the text. If
the format style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`NumberFormatter` instance to convert to and from a string representation. The
formatter uses the `NumberFormatter.Style.decimal` style, to allow entering a
fractional part. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:formatter:prompt:)

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: Binding<V>,
        formatter: Formatter,
        prompt: Text?
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the localized title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`formatter`

    

A formatter to use when converting between the string the user edits and the
underlying value of type `V`. If `formatter` can’t perform the conversion, the
text field doesn’t modify `binding.value`.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to enter into the text
field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound value, using
a `Formatter` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the bound value
update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text field updates
the bound value, as long as the formatter can parse the text. If the format
style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`NumberFormatter` instance to convert to and from a string representation. The
formatter uses the `NumberFormatter.Style.decimal` style, to allow entering a
fractional part. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:formatter:prompt:)

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, V>(
        _ title: S,
        value: Binding<V>,
        formatter: Formatter,
        prompt: Text?
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`formatter`

    

A formatter to use when converting between the string the user edits and the
underlying value of type `V`. If `formatter` can’t perform the conversion, the
text field doesn’t modify `binding.value`.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to enter into the text
field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound value, using
a `Formatter` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the bound value
update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text field updates
the bound value, as long as the formatter can parse the text. If the format
style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`NumberFormatter` instance to convert to and from a string representation. The
formatter uses the `NumberFormatter.Style.decimal` style, to allow entering a
fractional part. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(value:formatter:prompt:label:)

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound optional value, with
a label generated from a view builder.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V>(
        value: Binding<V>,
        formatter: Formatter,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    )

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`formatter`

    

A formatter to use when converting between the string the user edits and the
underlying value of type `V`. If `formatter` can’t perform the conversion, the
text field doesn’t modify `binding.value`.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to enter into the text
field.

`label`

    

A view that describes the purpose of the text field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound optional
value, using a `Formatter` to convert to and from this type. Changes to the
bound value update the string displayed by the text field. Editing the text
field updates the bound value, as long as the formatter can parse the text. If
the format style can’t parse the input, the bound value remains unchanged.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses a `Double` as the bound value, and a
`NumberFormatter` instance to convert to and from a string representation. The
formatter uses the `NumberFormatter.Style.decimal` style, to allow entering a
fractional part. As the user types, the bound value updates, which in turn
updates three `Text` views that use different format styles. If the user
enters text that doesn’t represent a valid `Double`, the bound value doesn’t
update.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound value, with a
label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt:
Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a formatter to a bound value, with a label
generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:format:prompt:)

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a localized title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<F>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>,
        format: F,
        prompt: Text? = nil
    ) where F : ParseableFormatStyle, F.FormatOutput == String

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to use when converting between the string the user
edits and the underlying value of type `F.FormatInput`. If `format` can’t
perform the conversion, the text field sets `binding.value` to `nil`.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to type into the text
field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound optional
value, using a `ParseableFormatStyle` to convert to and from this type.
Changes to the bound value update the string displayed by the text field.
Editing the text field updates the bound value, as long as the format style
can parse the text. If the format style can’t parse the input, the text field
sets the bound value to `nil`.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses an optional `Double` as the bound currency value,
and a `FloatingPointFormatStyle.Currency` instance to convert to and from a
representation as U.S. dollars. As the user types, a `View.onChange(of:_:)`
modifier logs the new value to the console. If the user enters an invalid
currency value, like letters or emoji, the console output is `Optional(nil)`.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with an optional

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: ()
-> Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:format:prompt:)

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a title string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, F>(
        _ title: S,
        value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>,
        format: F,
        prompt: Text? = nil
    ) where S : StringProtocol, F : ParseableFormatStyle, F.FormatOutput == String

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of the text field, describing its purpose.

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to use when converting between the string the user
edits and the underlying value of type `F.FormatInput`. If `format` can’t
perform the conversion, the text field sets `binding.value` to `nil`.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to type into the text
field.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound optional
value, using a `ParseableFormatStyle` to convert to and from this type.
Changes to the bound value update the string displayed by the text field.
Editing the text field updates the bound value, as long as the format style
can parse the text. If the format style can’t parse the input, the text field
sets the bound value to `nil`.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses an optional `Double` as the bound currency value,
and a `FloatingPointFormatStyle.Currency` instance to convert to and from a
representation as U.S. dollars. As the user types, a `View.onChange(of:_:)`
modifier logs the new value to the console. If the user enters an invalid
currency value, like letters or emoji, the console output is `Optional(nil)`.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with an optional

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F,
prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<F>(value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F, prompt: Text?, label: ()
-> Label)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a view builder.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(value:format:prompt:label:)

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a view builder.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<F>(
        value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>,
        format: F,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    ) where F : ParseableFormatStyle, F.FormatOutput == String

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The underlying value to edit.

`format`

    

A format style of type `F` to use when converting between the string the user
edits and the underlying value of type `F.FormatInput`. If `format` can’t
perform the conversion, the text field sets `binding.value` to `nil`.

`prompt`

    

A `Text` which provides users with guidance on what to type into the text
field.

`label`

    

A view builder that produces a label for the text field, describing its
purpose.

## Discussion

Use this initializer to create a text field that binds to a bound optional
value, using a `ParseableFormatStyle` to convert to and from this type.
Changes to the bound value update the string displayed by the text field.
Editing the text field updates the bound value, as long as the format style
can parse the text. If the format style can’t parse the input, the text field
sets the bound value to `nil`.

Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` modifier to invoke an action whenever the user
submits this text field.

The following example uses an optional `Double` as the bound currency value,
and a `FloatingPointFormatStyle.Currency` instance to convert to and from a
representation as U.S. dollars. As the user types, a `View.onChange(of:_:)`
modifier logs the new value to the console. If the user enters an invalid
currency value, like letters or emoji, the console output is `Optional(nil)`.

## See Also

### Creating a text field with an optional

`init<F>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F,
prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a localized title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, F>(S, value: Binding<F.FormatInput?>, format: F, prompt: Text?)`

Creates a text field that applies a format style to a bound optional value,
with a label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Collection

API Collection

# Deprecated initializers

Review deprecated text field initializers.

## Overview

Use view modifiers to specify change and commit behaviors for a text field
when replacing these initializers. Use the `onSubmit(of:_:)` view modifier to
get the behavior provided by the `onCommit` parameter. Use
`focused(_:equals:)` and `FocusState` to get the behavior provided by the
`onEditingChanged` parameter.

## Topics

### Creating a text field with a string

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, onEditingChanged: (Bool) ->
Void, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Deprecated

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, onEditingChanged: (Bool) -> Void, onCommit:
() -> Void)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Deprecated

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, text: Binding<String>, onEditingChanged: (Bool) ->
Void)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a localized title
string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, text: Binding<String>, onEditingChanged: (Bool) -> Void)`

Creates a text field with a text label generated from a title string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

### Creating a text field with a value

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter,
onEditingChanged: (Bool) -> Void, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `T`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Deprecated

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, onEditingChanged:
(Bool) -> Void, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Creates an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `T`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Deprecated

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter,
onCommit: () -> Void)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, onCommit: () -> Void)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter,
onEditingChanged: (Bool) -> Void)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: Binding<V>, formatter: Formatter, onEditingChanged:
(Bool) -> Void)`

Create an instance which binds over an arbitrary type, `V`.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.



# TupleTableColumnContent

Instance Property

# value

The value of a row presented by this column content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var value: T



# TableRow

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a table row for the given value.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ value: Value)

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The value of the row.

## Discussion

The table provides the value of a row to each column of a table, which
produces the cells for each row in the column.

The following example creates a row for one instance of the `Person` type. The
table delivers this value to its columns, which displays different fields of
`Person`.



# TableColumnCustomizationBehavior

Type Property

# all

All customization behaviors.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var all: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior { get }

## See Also

### Getting the customization behavior

`static let reorder: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be reordered by the user.

`static let resize: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be resized by the user.

`static let visibility: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be hidden or revealed by the user.

Type Property

# reorder

A behavior that allows the column to be reordered by the user.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let reorder: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior

## See Also

### Getting the customization behavior

`static var all: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

All customization behaviors.

`static let resize: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be resized by the user.

`static let visibility: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be hidden or revealed by the user.

Type Property

# resize

A behavior that allows the column to be resized by the user.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let resize: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior

## See Also

### Getting the customization behavior

`static var all: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

All customization behaviors.

`static let reorder: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be reordered by the user.

`static let visibility: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be hidden or revealed by the user.

Type Property

# visibility

A behavior that allows the column to be hidden or revealed by the user.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let visibility: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior

## See Also

### Getting the customization behavior

`static var all: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

All customization behaviors.

`static let reorder: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be reordered by the user.

`static let resize: TableColumnCustomizationBehavior`

A behavior that allows the column to be resized by the user.

Initializer

# init()

Creates an empty customization behavior, representing no customization

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# ToolbarContent

Instance Property

# body

The composition of content that comprise the toolbar content.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @ToolbarContentBuilder
    var body: Self.Body { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Implementing toolbar content

`associatedtype Body : ToolbarContent`

The type of content representing the body of this toolbar content.

**Required**

Associated Type

# Body

The type of content representing the body of this toolbar content.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Body : ToolbarContent

**Required**

## See Also

### Implementing toolbar content

`var body: Self.Body`

The composition of content that comprise the toolbar content.

**Required**



# TextEditingCommands

Initializer

# init()

A new value describing the built-in text-editing commands.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# Table

Initializer

# init(_:columns:)

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a table from columns

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:columns:)

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting zero or one row.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a table from columns

`init<Data>(Data, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:columns:)

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting multiple rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows IDs.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a table from columns

`init<Data>(Data, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, and that supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:sortOrder:columns:)

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:sortOrder:columns:)

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting zero or one row.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:sortOrder:columns:)

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting multiple rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows IDs.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, and supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:columns:rows:)

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    )

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a table from columns and rows

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columns: () -> Columns,
rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:columns:rows:)

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    )

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies the selected rows IDs.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a table from columns and rows

`init(of: Value.Type, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columns: () -> Columns,
rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:columns:rows:)

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    )

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a table from columns and rows

`init(of: Value.Type, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:sortOrder:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:sortOrder:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:sortOrder:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows ids.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(sortOrder:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(selection:sortOrder:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(selection:sortOrder:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows ids.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## See Also

### Creating a sortable table from columns and rows

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () ->
Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
columns: () -> Columns, rows: () -> Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows IDs.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows IDs.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:selection:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and has dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableForEachContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with customizable columns

`init<Data>(Data, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting zero or one row, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a table that computes its rows based on a collection of identifiable
data, that supports selecting multiple rows, and that has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting multiple rows, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data, supports selecting zero or one row, and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:columnCustomization:columns:rows:)

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    )

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:columnCustomization:columns:rows:)

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    )

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies the selected rows IDs.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:columnCustomization:columns:rows:)

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        of valueType: Value.Type,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    )

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        of valueType: Value.Type = Value.self,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows ids.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:selection:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        of valueType: Value.Type = Value.self,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(of:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:rows:)

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows and has dynamically
customizable columns.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Sort>(
        of valueType: Value.Type = Value.self,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns,
        @TableRowBuilder<Value> rows: () -> Rows
    ) where Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`valueType`

    

The type of value used to derive the table’s contents.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

`rows`

    

The rows to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a table with dynamically customizable columns

`init(of: Value.Type, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that generates its contents
using values of the given type and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting
multiple rows that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a table with the given columns and rows that supports selecting zero
or one row that generates its data using values of the given type and has
dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting multiple rows and dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Sort>(of: Value.Type, selection: Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>, columns: () -> Columns, rows: () ->
Rows)`

Creates a sortable table with the given columns and rows that supports
selecting zero or one row and has dynamically customizable columns.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:children:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>? = nil,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableOutlineGroupContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`children`

    

A key path to a property whose non-`nil` value gives the children of `data`,
and whose `nil` value represents a leaf row of the hierarchy, which is not
capable of having children.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:children:selection:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>? = nil,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableOutlineGroupContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`children`

    

A key path to a property whose non-`nil` value gives the children of `data`,
and whose `nil` value represents a leaf row of the hierarchy, which is not
capable of having children.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows IDs.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:children:selection:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data>(
        _ data: Data,
        children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>? = nil,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Never> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableOutlineGroupContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`children`

    

A key path to a property whose non-`nil` value gives the children of `data`,
and whose `nil` value represents a leaf row of the hierarchy, which is not
capable of having children.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:children:selection:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>,
        selection: Binding<Value.ID?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>? = nil,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableOutlineGroupContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`children`

    

A key path to a property whose non-`nil` value gives the children of `data`,
and whose `nil` value represents a leaf row of the hierarchy, which is not
capable of having children.

`selection`

    

A binding to the optional selected row ID.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:children:selection:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>,
        selection: Binding<Set<Value.ID>>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>? = nil,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableOutlineGroupContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`children`

    

A key path to a property whose non-`nil` value gives the children of `data`,
and whose `nil` value represents a leaf row of the hierarchy, which is not
capable of having children.

`selection`

    

A binding to a set that identifies selected rows IDs.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, sortOrder:
Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

Initializer

# init(_:children:sortOrder:columnCustomization:columns:)

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<Data, Sort>(
        _ data: Data,
        children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>,
        sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>,
        columnCustomization: Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>? = nil,
        @TableColumnBuilder<Value, Sort> columns: () -> Columns
    ) where Rows == TableOutlineGroupContent<Data>, Data : RandomAccessCollection, Sort : SortComparator, Columns.TableRowValue == Data.Element, Data.Element == Sort.Compared

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

##  Parameters

`data`

    

The identifiable data for computing the table rows.

`children`

    

A key path to a property whose non-`nil` value gives the children of `data`,
and whose `nil` value represents a leaf row of the hierarchy, which is not
capable of having children.

`sortOrder`

    

A binding to the ordered sorting of columns.

`columnCustomization`

    

A binding to the state of columns.

`columns`

    

The columns to display in the table.

## Discussion

Each column in the table that should participate in customization is required
to have an identifier, specified with `customizationID(_:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a hierarchical table

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Value, Data?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a collection of
identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and supports
selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Value.ID?>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting zero or one row.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.

`init<Data, Sort>(Data, children: KeyPath<Data.Element, Data?>, selection:
Binding<Set<Value.ID>>, sortOrder: Binding<[Sort]>, columnCustomization:
Binding<TableColumnCustomization<Value>>?, columns: () -> Columns)`

Creates a sortable, hierarchical table that computes its rows based on a
collection of identifiable data and key path to the children of that data, and
supports selecting multiple rows.

Available when `Value` is `Rows.TableRowValue`, `Rows` conforms to
`TableRowContent`, `Columns` conforms to `TableColumnContent`, and
`Rows.TableRowValue` is `Columns.TableRowValue`.



# TimelineSchedule

Type Property

# animation

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var animation: AnimationTimelineSchedule { get }

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in schedules

`static func animation(minimumInterval: Double?, paused: Bool) ->
AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static var everyMinute: EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

Available when `Self` is `EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`.

`static func explicit<S>(S) -> ExplicitTimelineSchedule<S>`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

`static func periodic(from: Date, by: TimeInterval) ->
PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Available when `Self` is `PeriodicTimelineSchedule`.

Type Method

# animation(minimumInterval:paused:)

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func animation(
        minimumInterval: Double? = nil,
        paused: Bool = false
    ) -> AnimationTimelineSchedule

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

##  Parameters

`minimumInterval`

    

The minimum interval to update the schedule at. Pass nil to let the system
pick an appropriate update interval.

`paused`

    

If the schedule should stop generating updates.

## See Also

### Getting built-in schedules

`static var animation: AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static var everyMinute: EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

Available when `Self` is `EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`.

`static func explicit<S>(S) -> ExplicitTimelineSchedule<S>`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

`static func periodic(from: Date, by: TimeInterval) ->
PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Available when `Self` is `PeriodicTimelineSchedule`.

Type Property

# everyMinute

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var everyMinute: EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule { get }

Available when `Self` is `EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`.

## Discussion

Initialize a `TimelineView` with an every minute timeline schedule when you
want to schedule timeline view updates at the start of every minute:

The schedule provides the first date as the beginning of the minute in which
you use it to initialize the timeline view. For example, if you create the
timeline view at `10:09:38`, the schedule’s first entry is `10:09:00`. In
response, the timeline view performs its first update immediately, providing
the beginning of the current minute, namely `10:09:00`, as context to its
content. Subsequent updates happen at the beginning of each minute that
follows.

The schedule defines the `EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule.Entries` structure to
return the sequence of dates when the timeline view calls the
`entries(from:mode:)` method.

## See Also

### Getting built-in schedules

`static var animation: AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static func animation(minimumInterval: Double?, paused: Bool) ->
AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static func explicit<S>(S) -> ExplicitTimelineSchedule<S>`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

`static func periodic(from: Date, by: TimeInterval) ->
PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Available when `Self` is `PeriodicTimelineSchedule`.

Type Method

# explicit(_:)

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func explicit<S>(_ dates: S) -> ExplicitTimelineSchedule<S> where Self == ExplicitTimelineSchedule<S>, S : Sequence, S.Element == Date

##  Parameters

`dates`

    

The sequence of dates at which a timeline view updates. Use a monotonically
increasing sequence of dates, and ensure that at least one is in the future.

## Discussion

Initialize a `TimelineView` with an explicit timeline schedule when you want
to schedule view updates at particular points in time:

The timeline view updates its content on exactly the dates that you specify,
until it runs out of dates, after which it stops changing. If the dates you
provide are in the past, the timeline view updates exactly once with the last
entry. If you only provide dates in the future, the timeline view renders with
the current date until the first date arrives. If you provide one or more
dates in the past and one or more in the future, the view renders the most
recent past date, refreshing normally on all subsequent dates.

## See Also

### Getting built-in schedules

`static var animation: AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static func animation(minimumInterval: Double?, paused: Bool) ->
AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static var everyMinute: EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

Available when `Self` is `EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`.

`static func periodic(from: Date, by: TimeInterval) ->
PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Available when `Self` is `PeriodicTimelineSchedule`.

Type Method

# periodic(from:by:)

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func periodic(
        from startDate: Date,
        by interval: TimeInterval
    ) -> PeriodicTimelineSchedule

Available when `Self` is `PeriodicTimelineSchedule`.

##  Parameters

`startDate`

    

The date on which to start the sequence.

`interval`

    

The time interval between successive sequence entries.

## Discussion

Initialize a `TimelineView` with a periodic timeline schedule when you want to
schedule timeline view updates periodically with a custom interval:

The timeline view updates its content at the start date, and then again at
dates separated in time by the interval amount, which is every three seconds
in the example above. For a start date in the past, the view updates
immediately, providing as context the date corresponding to the most recent
interval boundary. The view then refreshes normally at subsequent interval
boundaries. For a start date in the future, the view updates once with the
current date, and then begins regular updates at the start date.

The schedule defines the `PeriodicTimelineSchedule.Entries` structure to
return the sequence of dates when the timeline view calls the
`entries(from:mode:)` method.

## See Also

### Getting built-in schedules

`static var animation: AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static func animation(minimumInterval: Double?, paused: Bool) ->
AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

Available when `Self` is `AnimationTimelineSchedule`.

`static var everyMinute: EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

Available when `Self` is `EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`.

`static func explicit<S>(S) -> ExplicitTimelineSchedule<S>`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

Instance Method

# entries(from:mode:)

Provides a sequence of dates starting around a given date.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func entries(
        from startDate: Date,
        mode: Self.Mode
    ) -> Self.Entries

**Required**

##  Parameters

`startDate`

    

The date by which the sequence begins.

`mode`

    

An indication of whether the schedule updates normally, or with some other
cadence.

## Return Value

A sequence of dates in ascending order.

## Discussion

A `TimelineView` that you create calls this method to figure out when to
update its content. The method returns a sequence of dates in increasing order
that represent points in time when the timeline view should update. Types that
conform to the `TimelineSchedule` protocol, like the one returned by
`periodic(from:by:)`, or a custom schedule that you define, implement a custom
version of this method to implement a particular kind of schedule.

One or more dates in the sequence might be before the given `startDate`, in
which case the timeline view performs its first update at `startDate` using
the entry that most closely precedes that date. For example, if in response to
a `startDate` of `10:09:55`, the method returns a sequence with the values
`10:09:00`, `10:10:00`, `10:11:00`, and so on, the timeline view performs an
initial update at `10:09:55` (using the `10:09:00` entry), followed by another
update at the beginning of every minute, starting at `10:10:00`.

A type that conforms should adjust its behavior based on the `mode` when
possible. For example, a periodic schedule providing updates for a timer could
restrict updates to once per minute while in the
`TimelineScheduleMode.lowFrequency` mode:

## See Also

### Getting a sequence of dates

`associatedtype Entries : Sequence`

The sequence of dates within a schedule.

**Required**

Associated Type

# Entries

The sequence of dates within a schedule.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Entries : Sequence where Self.Entries.Element == Date

**Required**

## Discussion

The `entries(from:mode:)` method returns a value of this type, which is a
`Sequence` of dates in ascending order. A `TimelineView` that you create with
a schedule updates its content at the moments in time corresponding to the
dates included in the sequence.

## See Also

### Getting a sequence of dates

`func entries(from: Date, mode: Self.Mode) -> Self.Entries`

Provides a sequence of dates starting around a given date.

**Required**

Type Alias

# TimelineSchedule.Mode

An alias for the timeline schedule update mode.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    typealias Mode = TimelineScheduleMode

## See Also

### Specifying a mode

`enum TimelineScheduleMode`

A mode of operation for timeline schedule updates.

Enumeration

# TimelineScheduleMode

A mode of operation for timeline schedule updates.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    enum TimelineScheduleMode

## Overview

A `TimelineView` provides a mode when calling its schedule’s
`entries(from:mode:)` method. The view chooses a mode based on the state of
the system. For example, a watchOS view might request a lower frequency of
updates, using the `TimelineScheduleMode.lowFrequency` mode, when the user
lowers their wrist.

## Topics

### Getting timeline schedule modes

`case normal`

A mode that produces schedule updates at the schedule’s natural cadence.

`case lowFrequency`

A mode that produces schedule updates at a reduced rate.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Specifying a mode

`typealias Mode`

An alias for the timeline schedule update mode.

Structure

# AnimationTimelineSchedule

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct AnimationTimelineSchedule

## Overview

You can also use `animation(minimumInterval:paused:)` to construct this
schedule.

## Topics

### Creating a schedule

`init(minimumInterval: Double?, paused: Bool)`

Create a pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly
than the provided interval.

### Getting the sequence of dates

`func entries(from: Date, mode: TimelineScheduleMode) ->
AnimationTimelineSchedule.Entries`

Returns entries at the frequency of the animation schedule.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`
  * `TimelineSchedule`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

`struct ExplicitTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

`struct PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Structure

# EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule

## Overview

You can also use `everyMinute` to construct this schedule.

## Topics

### Creating a schedule

`init()`

Creates a per-minute update schedule.

### Getting the sequence of dates

`func entries(from: Date, mode: TimelineScheduleMode) ->
EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule.Entries`

Provides a sequence of per-minute dates starting from a given date.

`struct Entries`

The sequence of dates in an every minute schedule.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`
  * `TimelineSchedule`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

`struct ExplicitTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

`struct PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Structure

# ExplicitTimelineSchedule

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ExplicitTimelineSchedule<Entries> where Entries : Sequence, Entries.Element == Date

## Overview

You can also use `explicit(_:)` to construct this schedule.

## Topics

### Creating a schedule

`init(Entries)`

Creates a schedule composed of an explicit sequence of dates.

### Getting the sequence of dates

`func entries(from: Date, mode: TimelineScheduleMode) -> Entries`

Provides the sequence of dates with which you initialized the schedule.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TimelineSchedule`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

`struct EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

`struct PeriodicTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

Structure

# PeriodicTimelineSchedule

A schedule for updating a timeline view at regular intervals.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct PeriodicTimelineSchedule

## Overview

You can also use `periodic(from:by:)` to construct this schedule.

## Topics

### Creating a schedule

`init(from: Date, by: TimeInterval)`

Creates a periodic update schedule.

### Getting the sequence of dates

`func entries(from: Date, mode: TimelineScheduleMode) ->
PeriodicTimelineSchedule.Entries`

Provides a sequence of periodic dates starting from around a given date.

`struct Entries`

The sequence of dates in periodic schedule.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`
  * `TimelineSchedule`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AnimationTimelineSchedule`

A pausable schedule of dates updating at a frequency no more quickly than the
provided interval.

`struct EveryMinuteTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at the start of every minute.

`struct ExplicitTimelineSchedule`

A schedule for updating a timeline view at explicit points in time.



# TextInputAutocapitalization

Type Property

# characters

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize every letter.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var characters: TextInputAutocapitalization { get }

## See Also

### Getting autocapitalization options

`static var sentences: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter in
every sentence.

`static var words: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter of
every word.

`static var never: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will not capitalize anything.

Type Property

# sentences

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter in
every sentence.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var sentences: TextInputAutocapitalization { get }

## See Also

### Getting autocapitalization options

`static var characters: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize every letter.

`static var words: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter of
every word.

`static var never: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will not capitalize anything.

Type Property

# words

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter of
every word.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var words: TextInputAutocapitalization { get }

## See Also

### Getting autocapitalization options

`static var characters: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize every letter.

`static var sentences: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter in
every sentence.

`static var never: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will not capitalize anything.

Type Property

# never

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will not capitalize anything.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var never: TextInputAutocapitalization { get }

## See Also

### Getting autocapitalization options

`static var characters: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize every letter.

`static var sentences: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter in
every sentence.

`static var words: TextInputAutocapitalization`

Defines an autocapitalizing behavior that will capitalize the first letter of
every word.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a new `TextInputAutocapitalization` struct from a
`UITextAutocapitalizationType` enum.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init?(_ type: UITextAutocapitalizationType)



# TitleBarWindowStyle

Initializer

# init()

Creates a title bar window style.

macOS 11.0+

    
    
    init()



# ToolbarDefaultItemKind

Type Property

# sidebarToggle

The sidebar toggle toolbar item a `NavigationSplitView` adds by default.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let sidebarToggle: ToolbarDefaultItemKind



# Technology-specific views

Structure

# LocalAuthenticationView

A SwiftUI view that displays an authentication interface.

LocalAuthentication  SwiftUI  macOS 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+  iPadOS 8.0+

    
    
    struct LocalAuthenticationView<Label> where Label : View

## Overview

Use a `LocalAuthenticationView` to display a view that prompts users to
authenticate with the app. The view visually represents the state of an
`LAPolicy` evaluation from the Local Authentication framework.

The following shows a `LocalAuthenticationView` in a Mac app with an implicit
`LAContext` instance:

If your app’s authorization flow reuses an existing `LAContext`, pass it as
part of initializing a `LocalAuthenticationView` and call its
`evaluatePolicy(_:localizedReason:reply:)` method after the view appears.

## Topics

### Authenticating with an implicit context

`init(reason: Text, context: LAContext?, result: ((Result<Void, any Error>) ->
Void), label: () -> Label)`

Creates a local authentication view.

`init<S>(S, reason: Text, context: LAContext?, result: ((Result<Void, any
Error>) -> Void))`

Creates a local authentication view with a title.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, reason: Text, context: LAContext?, result:
((Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void))`

Creates a local authentication view with a localizable title.

`init(Text, reason: Text, context: LAContext?, result: ((Result<Void, any
Error>) -> Void))`

Creates a local authentication view with a title text view.

### Authenticating with a context you supply

`init<S>(S, context: LAContext)`

Creates a local authentication view with a required context.

`init(context: LAContext, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a local authentication view with a label and required context.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, context: LAContext)`

Creates a local authentication view with a localizable title and required
context.

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<Self, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

Explicitly set whether this accessibility element is a direct touch area.
Direct touch areas passthrough touch events to the app rather than being
handled through an assistive technology, such as VoiceOver. The modifier
accepts an optional `AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions` option set to customize
the functionality of the direct touch area.

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<Self, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

Adds an accessibility zoom action to the view. Actions allow assistive
technologies, such as VoiceOver, to interact with the view by invoking the
action.

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> some View`

Returns a new view configured with the specified allowed dynamic range.

`func alternatingRowBackgrounds(AlternatingRowBackgroundBehavior) -> some
View`

Overrides whether lists and tables in this view have alternating row
backgrounds.

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body: (PlaceholderContentView<Self>) -> V) ->
some View`

Applies the given animation to all animatable values within the `body`
closure.

`func badgeProminence(BadgeProminence) -> some View`

Specifies the prominence of badges created by this view.

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> some View`

Sets whether buttons in this view should repeatedly trigger their actions on
prolonged interactions.

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Returns a new view that applies `shader` to `self` as a filter effect on the
color of each pixel.

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> some
View`

Sets the container background of the enclosing container using a view.

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> some View`

Sets the container background of the enclosing container using a view.

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> some View`

Positions this view within an invisible frame with a size relative to the
nearest container.

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> some View`

Positions this view within an invisible frame with a size relative to the
nearest container.

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> some View`

Positions this view within an invisible frame with a size relative to the
nearest container.

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> some
View`

Configures the content margin for a provided placement.

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
some View`

Configures the content margin for a provided placement.

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> some View`

Configures the content margin for a provided placement.

`func contextMenu<I, M>(forSelectionType: I.Type, menu: (Set<I>) -> M,
primaryAction: ((Set<I>) -> Void)?) -> some View`

Adds an item-based context menu to a view.

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> some View`

Assigns a name to the view’s coordinate space, so other code can operate on
dimensions like points and sizes relative to the named space.

`func copyable<T>(() -> [T]) -> some View`

Specifies a list of items to copy in response to the system’s Copy command.

`func cuttable<T>(for: T.Type, action: () -> [T]) -> some View`

Specifies an action that moves items to the Clipboard in response to the
system’s Cut command.

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> some View`

Associates an anchor to control which part of the scroll view’s content should
be rendered by default.

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> some View`

Configures the icon used by dialogs within this view.

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> some View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> some View`

Enables user suppression of dialogs and alerts presented within `self`, with a
custom suppression message on macOS. Unused on other platforms.

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Enables user suppression of dialogs and alerts presented within `self`, with a
custom suppression message on macOS. Unused on other platforms.

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Enables user suppression of dialogs and alerts presented within `self`, with a
custom suppression message on macOS. Unused on other platforms.

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Enables user suppression of dialogs and alerts presented within `self`, with a
default suppression message on macOS. Unused on other platforms.

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
some View`

Returns a new view that applies `shader` to `self` as a geometric distortion
effect on the location of each pixel.

`func draggable<V, T>(() -> T, preview: () -> V) -> some View`

Activates this view as the source of a drag and drop operation.

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T], CGPoint) -> Bool,
isTargeted: (Bool) -> Void) -> some View`

Defines the destination of a drag and drop operation that handles the dropped
content with a closure that you specify.

`func environment<T>(T?) -> some View`

Places an observable object in the view’s environment.

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T]) -> some View`

Exports items for consumption by shortcuts, quick actions, and services.

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T], onEdit: ([T]) -> Bool) -> some View`

Exports read-write items for consumption by shortcuts, quick actions, and
services.

`func fileDialogBrowserOptions(FileDialogBrowserOptions) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover` to
provide a refined URL search experience: include or exclude hidden files,
allow searching by tag, etc.

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
with a custom confirmation button label.

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(Text?) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
with custom text as a confirmation button label.

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel<S>(S) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
with a custom confirmation button label.

`func fileDialogCustomizationID(String) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover` to
persist and restore the file dialog configuration.

`func fileDialogDefaultDirectory(URL?) -> some View`

Configures the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover` to open with the
specified default directory.

`func fileDialogImportsUnresolvedAliases(Bool) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
behavior when a user chooses an alias.

`func fileDialogMessage(LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
with a custom message that is presented to the user, similar to a title.

`func fileDialogMessage(Text?) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
with a custom text that is presented to the user, similar to a title.

`func fileDialogMessage<S>(S) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileExporter`, `fileImporter`, or `fileMover`
with a custom message that is presented to the user, similar to a title.

`func fileDialogURLEnabled(Predicate<URL>) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the the `fileImporter` or `fileMover` to conditionally
disable presented URLs.

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system interface for allowing the user to export a `FileDocument`
to a file on disk.

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system dialog for allowing the user to export a
`ReferenceFileDocument` to a file on disk.

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system dialog for allowing the user to export a collection of
documents that conform to `FileDocument` to files on disk.

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system dialog for allowing the user to export a collection of
documents that conform to `ReferenceFileDocument` to files on disk.

`func fileExporter<T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, item: T?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system interface allowing the user to export a `Transferable` item
to file on disk.

`func fileExporter<C, T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, items: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system interface allowing the user to export a collection of items
to files on disk.

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the `fileExporter` with a label for the file name field.

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(Text?) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the `fileExporter` with a text to use as a label for the
file name field.

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel<S>(S) -> some View`

On macOS, configures the `fileExporter` with a label for the file name field.

`func fileImporter(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, allowedContentTypes: [UTType],
allowsMultipleSelection: Bool, onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system dialog for allowing the user to import multiple files.

`func fileMover(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, file: URL?, onCompletion:
(Result<URL, any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system dialog for allowing the user to move an existing file to a
new location.

`func fileMover<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, files: C, onCompletion:
(Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a system dialog for allowing the user to move a collection of
existing files to a new location.

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Adds a condition that controls whether this view can display focus effects,
such as a default focus ring or hover effect.

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> some View`

Specifies if the view is focusable, and if so, what focus-driven interactions
it supports.

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> some View`

Creates a new view that exposes the provided object to other views whose whose
state depends on the focused view hierarchy.

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> some View`

Creates a new view that exposes the provided object to other views whose state
depends on the focused view hierarchy.

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> some View`

Creates a new view that exposes the provided object to other views whose whose
state depends on the active scene.

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> some View`

Creates a new view that exposes the provided object to other views whose whose
state depends on the active scene.

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> some
View`

Creates a new view that exposes the provided value to other views whose state
depends on the active scene.

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> some View`

Sets the focused value for the given object type.

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
some View`

Creates a new view that exposes the provided value to other views whose state
depends on the focused view hierarchy.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`func geometryGroup() -> some View`

Isolates the geometry (e.g. position and size) of the view from its parent
view.

`func importableFromServices<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Bool) -> some
View`

Enables importing items from services, such as Continuity Camera on macOS.

`func inspector<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, content: () -> V) -> some View`

Inserts an inspector at the applied position in the view hierarchy.

`func inspectorColumnWidth(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets a fixed, preferred width for the inspector containing this view when
presented as a trailing column.

`func inspectorColumnWidth(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat, max: CGFloat?) ->
some View`

Sets a flexible, preferred width for the inspector in a trailing-column
presentation.

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> some View`

Mark the receiver as their content might be invalidated.

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<Self>, Value) -> some View, keyframes: (Value) -> some
Keyframes) -> some View`

Loops the given keyframes continuously, updating the view using the modifiers
you apply in `body`.

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<Self>, Value) -> some View, keyframes:
(Value) -> some Keyframes) -> some View`

Plays the given keyframes when the given trigger value changes, updating the
view using the modifiers you apply in `body`.

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> some
View`

Returns a new view that applies `shader` to `self` as a filter on the raster
layer created from `self`.

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> some View`

Sets the behavior of this view for different layout directions.

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> some View`

Tells a menu whether to dismiss after performing an action.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func navigationBarBackButtonHidden(Bool) -> some View`

Hides the navigation bar back button for the view.

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> some View`

Associates a destination view with a binding that can be used to push the view
onto a `NavigationStack`.

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> some View`

Associates a destination view with a bound value for use within a navigation
stack or navigation split view

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> some View`

Adds a modifier for this view that fires an action when a specific value
changes.

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> some View`

Adds a modifier for this view that fires an action when a specific value
changes.

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> some View`

Performs an action if the user presses a key on a hardware keyboard while the
view has focus.

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> some View`

Performs an action if the user presses a key on a hardware keyboard while the
view has focus.

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> some View`

Performs an action if the user presses one or more keys on a hardware keyboard
while the view has focus.

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> some View`

Performs an action if the user presses one or more keys on a hardware keyboard
while the view has focus.

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> some View`

Performs an action if the user presses any key on a hardware keyboard while
the view has focus.

`func paletteSelectionEffect(PaletteSelectionEffect) -> some View`

Specifies the selection effect to apply to a palette item.

`func pasteDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void, validator: ([T])
-> [T]) -> some View`

Specifies an action that adds validated items to a view in response to the
system’s Paste command.

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<Self>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase) ->
Animation?) -> some View`

Animates effects that you apply to a view over a sequence of phases that
change continuously.

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<Self>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase) ->
Animation?) -> some View`

Animates effects that you apply to a view over a sequence of phases that
change based on a trigger.

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets the presentation background of the enclosing sheet using a shape style.

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
some View`

Sets the presentation background of the enclosing sheet to a custom view.

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
some View`

Controls whether people can interact with the view behind a presentation.

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> some View`

Specifies how to adapt a presentation to compact size classes.

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> some View`

Specifies how to adapt a presentation to horizontally and vertically compact
size classes.

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> some
View`

Configures the behavior of swipe gestures on a presentation.

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> some View`

Requests that the presentation have a specific corner radius.

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> some View`

Adds the provided insets into the safe area of this view.

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> some View`

Adds the provided insets into the safe area of this view.

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> some View`

Adds the provided insets into the safe area of this view.

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> some View`

Configures the bounce behavior of scrollable views along the specified axis.

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether a scroll view clips its content to its bounds.

`func scrollContentBackground(Visibility) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of the background for scrollable views within this
view.

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> some View`

Flashes the scroll indicators of a scrollable view when it appears.

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> some View`

Flashes the scroll indicators of scrollable views when a value changes.

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
some View`

Associates a binding to be updated when a scroll view within this view
scrolls.

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> some View`

Sets the scroll behavior of views scrollable in the provided axes.

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Configures the outermost layout as a scroll target layout.

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> some View`

Applies the given transition, animating between the phases of the transition
as this view appears and disappears within the visible region of the
containing scroll view, or other container specified using the
`coordinateSpace` parameter.

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> some View`

Applies the given transition, animating between the phases of the transition
as this view appears and disappears within the visible region of the
containing scroll view, or other container specified using the
`coordinateSpace` parameter.

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
some View`

Configures the search toolbar presentation behavior for any searchable
modifiers within this view.

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> some View`

Configures the search scopes for this view with the specified activation
strategy.

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, scopes: () -> S) -> some View`

Configures the search scopes for this view.

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> some View`

Configures the search suggestions for this view.

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
some View`

Configures how to display search suggestions within this view.

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt:
LocalizedStringKey, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable, which configures the display of a search field.

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?,
token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable, which configures the display of a search field.

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some
StringProtocol, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable, which configures the display of a search field.

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable, which configures the display of a search field.

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (Binding<C.Element>) ->
some View) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable, which configures the display of a search field.

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some StringProtocol, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable, which configures the display of a search field.

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with programmatic presentation of the search
field.

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with programmatic presentation of the search
field.

`func searchable<S>(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with programmatic presentation of the search
field.

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey,
token: (C.Element) -> T) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with text and tokens, as well as programmatic
presentation.

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with text and tokens, as well as programmatic
presentation.

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with text and tokens, as well as programmatic
presentation.

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token: (C.Element) -> T) ->
some View`

Marks this view as searchable with text, tokens, and suggestions, as well as
programmatic presentation.

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with text, tokens, and suggestions, as well as
programmatic presentation.

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> some View`

Marks this view as searchable with text, tokens, and suggestions, as well as
programmatic presentation.

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Adds a condition that controls whether users can select this view.

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> some View`

Plays the specified `feedback` when the provided `trigger` value changes.

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> some View`

Plays the specified `feedback` when the provided `trigger` value changes and
the `condition` closure returns `true`.

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> some View`

Plays feedback when returned from the `feedback` closure after the provided
`trigger` value changes.

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> some View`

Sets the spring loading behavior this view.

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) -> some
View`

Returns a new view with a symbol effect added to it.

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> some
View`

Returns a new view with a symbol effect added to it.

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> some View`

Returns a new view with its inherited symbol image effects either removed or
left unchanged.

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> some View`

Controls the visibility of a `Table`’s column header views.

`func textEditorStyle(some TextEditorStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for text editors within this view.

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> some View`

Remove a toolbar item present by default

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred visibility of backgrounds on a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred color scheme of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> some View`

Configures the toolbar title display mode for this view.

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> some View`

Configure the title menu of a toolbar.

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<Self>) -> V) -> some View`

Applies the given transaction mutation function to all animations used within
the `body` closure.

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> some
View`

Applies the given transaction mutation function to all animations used within
the view.

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> some View`

Sets an explicit type select equivalent text in a collection, such as a list
or table.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
some View`

Applies effects to this view, while providing access to layout information
through a geometry proxy.

### Instance Properties

`var body: some View`

The content and behavior of the view.

### Type Aliases

`typealias Body`

The type of view representing the body of this view.

### Default Implementations

API Reference

View Implementations

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

Structure

# SignInWithAppleButton

The view that creates the Sign in with Apple button for display.

Authentication Services  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac
Catalyst 14.2+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct SignInWithAppleButton

## Topics

### Creating a button

`init(SignInWithAppleButton.Label, onRequest: (ASAuthorizationAppleIDRequest)
-> Void, onCompletion: ((Result<ASAuthorization, any Error>) -> Void))`

Creates a Sign in with Apple button.

`struct SignInWithAppleButton.Label`

The label that appears on the button.

`struct SignInWithAppleButton.Style`

The structure that defines styles that you use to control the button’s
appearance.

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<SignInWithAppleButton, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<SignInWithAppleButton, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> View`

`func alternatingRowBackgrounds(AlternatingRowBackgroundBehavior) -> View`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<SignInWithAppleButton>) -> V) -> View`

`func badgeProminence(BadgeProminence) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contextMenu<I, M>(forSelectionType: I.Type, menu: (Set<I>) -> M,
primaryAction: ((Set<I>) -> Void)?) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func copyable<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func cuttable<T>(for: T.Type, action: () -> [T]) -> View`

`func defaultHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
View`

`func draggable<V, T>(() -> T, preview: () -> V) -> View`

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T], CGPoint) -> Bool,
isTargeted: (Bool) -> Void) -> View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T], onEdit: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogBrowserOptions(FileDialogBrowserOptions) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogCustomizationID(String) -> View`

`func fileDialogDefaultDirectory(URL?) -> View`

`func fileDialogImportsUnresolvedAliases(Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogURLEnabled(Predicate<URL>) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, item: T?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C, T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, items: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileImporter(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, allowedContentTypes: [UTType],
allowsMultipleSelection: Bool, onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, file: URL?, onCompletion:
(Result<URL, any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, files: C, onCompletion:
(Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func frame(depth: CGFloat?, alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func frame(minDepth: CGFloat?, idealDepth: CGFloat?, maxDepth: CGFloat?,
alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect(displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode) -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect<S>(in: S, displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode)
-> View`

`func hoverEffect(HoverEffect, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func hoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func importableFromServices<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func inspector<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(CGFloat) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat, max: CGFloat?) ->
View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SignInWithAppleButton>, Value) -> some View,
keyframes: (Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<SignInWithAppleButton>, Value) -> some View,
keyframes: (Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func listRowSpacing(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(CGFloat) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(ListSectionSpacing) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func monospaced(Bool) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func offset(z: CGFloat) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func ornament<Content>(visibility: Visibility, attachmentAnchor:
OrnamentAttachmentAnchor, contentAlignment: Alignment, ornament: () ->
Content) -> View`

`func padding3D(CGFloat) -> View`

`func padding3D(EdgeInsets3D) -> View`

`func padding3D(Edge3D.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func paletteSelectionEffect(PaletteSelectionEffect) -> View`

`func pasteDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void, validator: ([T])
-> [T]) -> View`

`func perspectiveRotationEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z:
CGFloat), anchor: UnitPoint, anchorZ: CGFloat, perspective: CGFloat) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SignInWithAppleButton>, Phase) -> some View,
animation: (Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SignInWithAppleButton>, Phase) -> some View,
animation: (Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func preferredSurroundingsEffect(SurroundingsEffect?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Rotation3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat),
anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: RotationAxis3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint) ->
ModifiedContent<SignInWithAppleButton, _UniformScaleEffect>`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(Size3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollContentBackground(Visibility) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, scopes: () -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt:
LocalizedStringKey, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?,
token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some
StringProtocol, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (Binding<C.Element>) ->
some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some StringProtocol, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?) -> View`

`func searchable<S>(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey,
token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token: (C.Element) -> T) ->
View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> View`

`func textEditorStyle(some TextEditorStyle) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<SignInWithAppleButton>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func transform3DEffect(AffineTransform3D) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func upperLimbVisibility(Visibility) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

`func visualEffect3D((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy3D) -> some
VisualEffect) -> View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Sign In with Apple

Implementing User Authentication with Sign in with Apple

Provide a way for users of your app to set up an account and start using your
services.

Simplifying User Authentication in a tvOS App

Build a fluid sign-in experience for your tvOS apps using
AuthenticationServices.

Sign in with Apple Entitlement

An entitlement that lets your app use Sign in with Apple.

**Key:** com.apple.developer.applesignin

`class ASAuthorizationAppleIDProvider`

A mechanism for generating requests to authenticate users based on their Apple
ID.

`class ASAuthorizationAppleIDCredential`

A credential that results from a successful Apple ID authentication.

Instance Method

# signInWithAppleButtonStyle(_:)

Sets the style used for displaying the control (see
`SignInWithAppleButton.Style`).

AuthenticationServices  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  tvOS
14.0+  watchOS 7.0+

    
    
    func signInWithAppleButtonStyle(_ style: SignInWithAppleButton.Style) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`style`

    

The sign in style to apply to this button.

## See Also

### Authorizing and authenticating

`struct LocalAuthenticationView`

A SwiftUI view that displays an authentication interface.

`struct SignInWithAppleButton`

The view that creates the Sign in with Apple button for display.

`var authorizationController: AuthorizationController`

A value provided in the SwiftUI environment that views can use to perform
authorization requests.

`var webAuthenticationSession: WebAuthenticationSession`

A value provided in the SwiftUI environment that views can use to authenticate
a user through a web service.

Instance Property

# authorizationController

A value provided in the SwiftUI environment that views can use to perform
authorization requests.

AuthenticationServices  SwiftUI  iOS 16.4+  iPadOS 16.4+  macOS 13.3+  tvOS
16.4+  watchOS 9.4+

    
    
    var authorizationController: AuthorizationController { get }

## Discussion

For example, you can perform authorization requests when the user taps a
button:

## See Also

### Authorizing and authenticating

`struct LocalAuthenticationView`

A SwiftUI view that displays an authentication interface.

`struct SignInWithAppleButton`

The view that creates the Sign in with Apple button for display.

`func signInWithAppleButtonStyle(SignInWithAppleButton.Style) -> some View`

Sets the style used for displaying the control (see
`SignInWithAppleButton.Style`).

`var webAuthenticationSession: WebAuthenticationSession`

A value provided in the SwiftUI environment that views can use to authenticate
a user through a web service.

Instance Property

# webAuthenticationSession

A value provided in the SwiftUI environment that views can use to authenticate
a user through a web service.

AuthenticationServices  SwiftUI  iOS 16.4+  iPadOS 16.4+  macOS 13.3+  tvOS
16.4+  watchOS 9.4+

    
    
    var webAuthenticationSession: WebAuthenticationSession { get }

## Discussion

For example, you can start a web authentication session when the user taps a
button:

Use `WebAuthenticationSession/BrowserSession/ephemeral` to request that the
browser doesn’t share cookies or other browsing data between the
authentication session and the user’s normal browser session. Whether the
request is honored depends on the user’s default web browser. Safari always
honors the request.

After the user authenticates, the authentication provider redirects the
browser to a URL that uses the callback scheme. The browser detects the
redirect, dismisses itself, and the complete URL will be returned. Inspect the
URL to determine the outcome of the authentication:

The above example looks for a token stored as a query parameter. The specific
parsing that you have to do depends on how the authentication provider
structures the callback URL.

## See Also

### Authorizing and authenticating

`struct LocalAuthenticationView`

A SwiftUI view that displays an authentication interface.

`struct SignInWithAppleButton`

The view that creates the Sign in with Apple button for display.

`func signInWithAppleButtonStyle(SignInWithAppleButton.Style) -> some View`

Sets the style used for displaying the control (see
`SignInWithAppleButton.Style`).

`var authorizationController: AuthorizationController`

A value provided in the SwiftUI environment that views can use to perform
authorization requests.

Structure

# FamilyActivityPicker

A view in which users specify applications, web domains, and categories
without revealing their choices to the app.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+

    
    
    struct FamilyActivityPicker

## Overview

To prompt the user for their selection, create a binding to a
`FamilyActivitySelection` instance, and use the binding to create a
`FamilyActivityPicker` instance. You can then display the picker like any
SwiftUI view.

Note

A `FamilyControls/FamilyActivityPicker` shown on a parent device only displays
applications and websites from authorized child devices within the Family
Sharing Group. A `FamilyControls/FamilyActivityPicker` shown on an
individually authorized device includes applications and websites from that
same device.

To streamline this process, call the
`familyActivityPicker(isPresented:selection:)` modifier on a view in your user
interface. This modifier displays the picker view as a sheet over your user
interface when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

When you present the `FamilyActivityPicker`, the system displays a view where
the user can select categories, applications, and web domains. As soon as the
user confirms their selection, the system updates the
`FamilyActivitySelection` binding with the user’s selections. To protect the
user’s privacy, the system uses opaque values to represent the selections.

Your app passes the selected values to the appropriate instances and methods
from the ManagedSettings and DeviceActivity frameworks.

## Topics

### Creating Activity Pickers

`init(selection: Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>)`

Creates a new activity picker.

`func familyActivityPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>) -> some View`

Presents an activity picker view as a sheet.

### Accessing the Content

`var body: some View`

The content and behavior of the view.

`typealias Body`

The type of view representing the body of this view.

### Adding View Modifiers

API Reference

View Modifiers

Apply standard modifiers to configure the family activity picker view and the
views it contains.

### Initializers

`init(headerText: String?, footerText: String?, selection:
Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>)`

Creates a new activity picker with optional header and footer text.

### Default Implementations

API Reference

View Implementations

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### User-Selected Apps and Web Domains

`struct FamilyActivitySelection`

A collection of applications, categories, and web domains selected by the
user.

Instance Method

# familyActivityPicker(isPresented:selection:)

Presents an activity picker view as a sheet.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func familyActivityPicker(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        selection: Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

A binding that indicates whether the app presents the picker view.

`selection`

    

A binding that manages the user-selected categories, apps, and web domains.

## Discussion

Use this view modifier to present a `FamilyControls/FamilyActivityPicker`.

## See Also

### Configuring Family Sharing

`struct FamilyActivityPicker`

A view in which users specify applications, web domains, and categories
without revealing their choices to the app.

`func familyActivityPicker(headerText: String?, footerText: String?,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection: Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>) ->
some View`

Presents an activity picker view as a sheet.

Instance Method

# familyActivityPicker(headerText:footerText:isPresented:selection:)

Presents an activity picker view as a sheet.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func familyActivityPicker(
        headerText: String? = nil,
        footerText: String? = nil,
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        selection: Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`headerText`

    

An optional string that provides text for the header of the picker view.

`footerText`

    

An optional string that provides text for the footer of the picker view.

`isPresented`

    

A binding that indicates whether the app presents the picker view.

`selection`

    

A binding that manages the user-selected categories, apps, and web domains.

## Discussion

Use this view modifier to present a `FamilyControls/FamilyActivityPicker`.

## See Also

### Configuring Family Sharing

`struct FamilyActivityPicker`

A view in which users specify applications, web domains, and categories
without revealing their choices to the app.

`func familyActivityPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<FamilyActivitySelection>) -> some View`

Presents an activity picker view as a sheet.

Structure

# DeviceActivityReport

A view that reports the user’s application, category, and web domain activity
in a privacy-preserving way.

DeviceActivity  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+

    
    
    struct DeviceActivityReport

## Overview

When you create a report, the system asks your app’s device activity report
extension to provide a `View` representing the user’s device activity. To
protect the user’s privacy, your extension runs in a sandbox. This sandbox
prevents your extension from making network requests or moving sensitive
content outside the extension’s address space. The extension point identifier
for all device activity report extensions is
`com.apple.deviceactivityui.report-extension`. You can configure a report with
a custom context and filter, and then display the report like any SwiftUI
view.

The system will only provide your extension with device activity data if the
user has authorized your app for family controls on their device or on the
device(s) of children in their iCloud family. See `AuthorizationCenter` for
more details.

## Topics

### Structures

`struct Context`

A context indicating how your device activity report extension should
configure its `DeviceActivityReportView`.

### Initializers

`init(DeviceActivityReport.Context, filter: DeviceActivityFilter)`

Creates a new device activity report.

### Instance Properties

`var body: some View`

The content of the device activity report.

### Type Aliases

`typealias Body`

The type of view representing the body of this view.

### Default Implementations

API Reference

View Implementations

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

Instance Method

# managedContentStyle(_:)

Applies a managed content style to the view.

ManagedAppDistribution  SwiftUI  iOS 17.2+  iPadOS 17.2+

    
    
    func managedContentStyle(_ style: ManagedContentStyle) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`style`

    

The style to apply to the view.

## Return Value

The styled view.

Structure

# Chart

A SwiftUI view that displays a chart.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Chart<Content> where Content : ChartContent

## Overview

To create a chart, instantiate a `Chart` structure with marks that display the
properties of your data. For example, suppose you have an array of
`ValuePerCategory` structures that define data points composed of a `category`
and a `value`:

You can use `BarMark` inside a chart to represent the `category` property as
different bars in the chart and the `value` property as the y value for each
bar:

This chart initializer behaves a lot like a SwiftUI `ForEach`, creating a mark
— in this case, a bar — for each of the values in the `data` array:

### Controlling data series inside a chart

You can compose more sophisticated charts by providing more than one series of
marks to the chart. For example, suppose you have profit data for two
companies:

The following chart creates two different series of `LineMark` instances with
different colors to represent the data for each company. In effect, it moves
the `ForEach` construct from the chart’s initializer into the body of the
chart, enabling you to represent multiple different series:

You indicate which series a line mark belongs to by specifying its `series`
input parameter. The above chart also uses a `RuleMark` to produce a
horizontal line segment that displays a constant threshold value across the
width of the chart:

## Topics

### Creating a Chart

`init(content: () -> Content)`

Creates a chart composed of any number of data series and individual marks.

`init<Data, C>(Data, content: (Data.Element) -> C)`

Creates a chart composed of a series of identifiable marks.

`init<Data, ID, C>(Data, id: KeyPath<Data.Element, ID>, content:
(Data.Element) -> C)`

Creates a chart composed of a series of marks.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Charts

Creating a chart using Swift Charts

Make a chart by combining chart building blocks in SwiftUI.

Visualizing your app’s data

Build complex and interactive charts using Swift Charts.

`protocol ChartContent`

A type that represents the content that you draw on a chart.

`struct ChartContentBuilder`

A result builder that you use to compose the contents of a chart.

`struct Plot`

A mechanism for grouping chart contents into a single entity.

Structure

# SceneView

A SwiftUI view for displaying 3D SceneKit content.

SceneKit  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.2+
tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct SceneView

## Topics

### Creating a Scene View

`init(scene: SCNScene?, pointOfView: SCNNode?, options: SceneView.Options,
preferredFramesPerSecond: Int, antialiasingMode: SCNAntialiasingMode,
delegate: (any SCNSceneRendererDelegate)?, technique: SCNTechnique?)`

`struct SceneView.Options`

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<SceneView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<SceneView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> View`

`func alternatingRowBackgrounds(AlternatingRowBackgroundBehavior) -> View`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body: (PlaceholderContentView<SceneView>) -> V)
-> View`

`func badgeProminence(BadgeProminence) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contextMenu<I, M>(forSelectionType: I.Type, menu: (Set<I>) -> M,
primaryAction: ((Set<I>) -> Void)?) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func copyable<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func cuttable<T>(for: T.Type, action: () -> [T]) -> View`

`func defaultHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
View`

`func draggable<V, T>(() -> T, preview: () -> V) -> View`

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T], CGPoint) -> Bool,
isTargeted: (Bool) -> Void) -> View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T], onEdit: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogBrowserOptions(FileDialogBrowserOptions) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogCustomizationID(String) -> View`

`func fileDialogDefaultDirectory(URL?) -> View`

`func fileDialogImportsUnresolvedAliases(Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogURLEnabled(Predicate<URL>) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, item: T?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C, T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, items: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileImporter(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, allowedContentTypes: [UTType],
allowsMultipleSelection: Bool, onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, file: URL?, onCompletion:
(Result<URL, any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, files: C, onCompletion:
(Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func frame(depth: CGFloat?, alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func frame(minDepth: CGFloat?, idealDepth: CGFloat?, maxDepth: CGFloat?,
alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect(displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode) -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect<S>(in: S, displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode)
-> View`

`func hoverEffect(HoverEffect, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func hoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func importableFromServices<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func inspector<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(CGFloat) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat, max: CGFloat?) ->
View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SceneView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes: (Value) ->
some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<SceneView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes:
(Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func listRowSpacing(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(CGFloat) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(ListSectionSpacing) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func monospaced(Bool) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func offset(z: CGFloat) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func ornament<Content>(visibility: Visibility, attachmentAnchor:
OrnamentAttachmentAnchor, contentAlignment: Alignment, ornament: () ->
Content) -> View`

`func padding3D(CGFloat) -> View`

`func padding3D(EdgeInsets3D) -> View`

`func padding3D(Edge3D.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func paletteSelectionEffect(PaletteSelectionEffect) -> View`

`func pasteDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void, validator: ([T])
-> [T]) -> View`

`func perspectiveRotationEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z:
CGFloat), anchor: UnitPoint, anchorZ: CGFloat, perspective: CGFloat) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SceneView>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase) ->
Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SceneView>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase) ->
Animation?) -> View`

`func preferredSurroundingsEffect(SurroundingsEffect?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Rotation3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat),
anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: RotationAxis3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint) -> ModifiedContent<SceneView,
_UniformScaleEffect>`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(Size3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollContentBackground(Visibility) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, scopes: () -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt:
LocalizedStringKey, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?,
token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some
StringProtocol, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (Binding<C.Element>) ->
some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some StringProtocol, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?) -> View`

`func searchable<S>(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey,
token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token: (C.Element) -> T) ->
View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> View`

`func textEditorStyle(some TextEditorStyle) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<SceneView>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func transform3DEffect(AffineTransform3D) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func upperLimbVisibility(Visibility) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

`func visualEffect3D((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy3D) -> some
VisualEffect) -> View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

Structure

# SpriteView

A SwiftUI view that renders a SpriteKit scene.

SpriteKit  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.2+
tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct SpriteView

## Topics

### Creating a Sprite View

`init(scene: SKScene, transition: SKTransition?, isPaused: Bool,
preferredFramesPerSecond: Int)`

`init(scene: SKScene, transition: SKTransition?, isPaused: Bool,
preferredFramesPerSecond: Int, options: SpriteView.Options, shouldRender:
(TimeInterval) -> Bool)`

`init(scene: SKScene, transition: SKTransition?, isPaused: Bool,
preferredFramesPerSecond: Int, options: SpriteView.Options, debugOptions:
SpriteView.DebugOptions, shouldRender: (TimeInterval) -> Bool)`

`struct SpriteView.Options`

`struct SpriteView.DebugOptions`

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<SpriteView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<SpriteView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> View`

`func alternatingRowBackgrounds(AlternatingRowBackgroundBehavior) -> View`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body: (PlaceholderContentView<SpriteView>) ->
V) -> View`

`func badgeProminence(BadgeProminence) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contextMenu<I, M>(forSelectionType: I.Type, menu: (Set<I>) -> M,
primaryAction: ((Set<I>) -> Void)?) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func copyable<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func cuttable<T>(for: T.Type, action: () -> [T]) -> View`

`func defaultHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
View`

`func draggable<V, T>(() -> T, preview: () -> V) -> View`

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T], CGPoint) -> Bool,
isTargeted: (Bool) -> Void) -> View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T], onEdit: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogBrowserOptions(FileDialogBrowserOptions) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogCustomizationID(String) -> View`

`func fileDialogDefaultDirectory(URL?) -> View`

`func fileDialogImportsUnresolvedAliases(Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogURLEnabled(Predicate<URL>) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, item: T?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C, T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, items: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileImporter(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, allowedContentTypes: [UTType],
allowsMultipleSelection: Bool, onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, file: URL?, onCompletion:
(Result<URL, any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, files: C, onCompletion:
(Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func frame(depth: CGFloat?, alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func frame(minDepth: CGFloat?, idealDepth: CGFloat?, maxDepth: CGFloat?,
alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect(displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode) -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect<S>(in: S, displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode)
-> View`

`func hoverEffect(HoverEffect, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func hoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func importableFromServices<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func inspector<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(CGFloat) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat, max: CGFloat?) ->
View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SpriteView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes: (Value)
-> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<SpriteView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes:
(Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func listRowSpacing(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(CGFloat) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(ListSectionSpacing) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func monospaced(Bool) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func offset(z: CGFloat) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func ornament<Content>(visibility: Visibility, attachmentAnchor:
OrnamentAttachmentAnchor, contentAlignment: Alignment, ornament: () ->
Content) -> View`

`func padding3D(CGFloat) -> View`

`func padding3D(EdgeInsets3D) -> View`

`func padding3D(Edge3D.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func paletteSelectionEffect(PaletteSelectionEffect) -> View`

`func pasteDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T]) -> Void, validator: ([T])
-> [T]) -> View`

`func perspectiveRotationEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z:
CGFloat), anchor: UnitPoint, anchorZ: CGFloat, perspective: CGFloat) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SpriteView>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase)
-> Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<SpriteView>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase)
-> Animation?) -> View`

`func preferredSurroundingsEffect(SurroundingsEffect?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Rotation3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat),
anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: RotationAxis3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint) -> ModifiedContent<SpriteView,
_UniformScaleEffect>`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(Size3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollContentBackground(Visibility) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, scopes: () -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt:
LocalizedStringKey, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?,
token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some
StringProtocol, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (Binding<C.Element>) ->
some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some StringProtocol, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?) -> View`

`func searchable<S>(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey,
token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token: (C.Element) -> T) ->
View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> View`

`func textEditorStyle(some TextEditorStyle) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<SpriteView>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func transform3DEffect(AffineTransform3D) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func upperLimbVisibility(Visibility) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

`func visualEffect3D((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy3D) -> some
VisualEffect) -> View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

Structure

# LocationButton

A SwiftUI button that grants one-time location authorization.

CoreLocationUI  SwiftUI  iOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+  iPadOS
15.0+

    
    
    struct LocationButton

## Overview

`LocationButton` simplifies requesting one-time authorization to access
location data. Add this button to your SwiftUI user interface in situations
when users may want to grant temporary access to their location data each time
they use a particular feature of your app.

The first time a user taps this button, Core Location asks the user to confirm
that they’re comfortable using this UI element when they want to grant
temporary access to their location data. If the user agrees, the app receives
temporary `CLAuthorizationStatus.authorizedWhenInUse` authorization, like when
the user chooses _Allow Once_ in response to your app’s standard location
authorization request. This temporary authorization expires when your app is
no longer in use.

After the user agrees to using `LocationButton`, the button becomes approved
to request future authorizations without displaying an additional alert to the
user. The next time the user taps it, this button simply grants one-time
authorization without requiring confirmation.

After you receive this temporary authorization, fetch the user’s location
using the Core Location API and perform any app-specific tasks related to that
location data. Connect the button to initiate the tasks you want to perform
after getting authorization by specifying an action when you create the
button. Keep in mind that this action activates every time the user taps this
button, regardless of whether the app already has location authorization.

Create a `LocationButton` in SwiftUI like this:

Important

When a user taps the button, it only provides one-time authorization to fetch
location data — not the location data itself. For more details about fetching
location data, see Configuring your app to use location services.

Configure the button to display an icon, a label, or both using the
`labelStyle(_:)` view modifier. If you include an icon, you can customize its
appearance using the `symbolVariant(_:)` modifier. For design guidance, see
Human Interface Guidelines.

## Topics

### Creating a location button

`init(LocationButton.Title?, action: (() -> Void))`

Creates a location button with the specified title and action.

`struct Title`

Constants that specify the text of a button title.

### Instance Properties

`var body: some View`

The content and behavior of the view.

### Type Aliases

`typealias Body`

The type of view representing the body of this view.

### Default Implementations

API Reference

View Implementations

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Location authorization

Sharing Your Location to Find a Park

Ask for location access using a customizable location button.

`class CLLocationButton`

A button that grants one-time location authorization.

Generic Structure

# Map

A view that displays an embedded map interface.

MapKit  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+
tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct Map<Content> where Content : View

## Overview

Use this SwiftUI view to display a `Map` with markers, annotations, and custom
content you provide. You can configure the `Map` to optionally display the
user’s location, track a location, and display various controls to allow them
to interact with and control the map’s display. The following example displays
a map of downtown San Francisco that shows different markers, and an
annotation with custom view content at specific locations:

You create markers, annotations, and overlays using `MapContentBuilder` with
any of several `MapContent` types including:

  * `Annotation`

  * `UserAnnotation`

  * `Marker`

  * `MapCircle`

  * `MapPolygon`

  * `MapPolyline`

You can also add a variety of controls to allow a person to interact with the
map to change the map’s scale, display or hide the device’s current location,
and so on:

  * `MapCompass`

  * `MapPitchButton`

  * `MapPitchSlider`

  * `MapScaleView`

  * `MapUserLocationButton`

  * `MapZoomStepper`

## Topics

### Creating a map

`init(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, scope:
Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new, empty map with the bounds, interaction modes, and scope you
provide.

`init<C>(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes,
scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the bounds, interaction modes, scope, and content you
provide.

`init(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes,
selection: Binding<MapFeature?>, scope: Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new, empty map with the bounds, interaction modes, a binding to a
map feature, and scope you provide.

`init<SelectedValue>(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes:
MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope:
Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new, empty map with the bounds, interaction modes, the selected map
feature, and scope you provide.

`init<C>(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes,
selection: Binding<MapFeature?>, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the bounds, interaction modes, selected map feature,
scope, and map content you provide.

`init<SelectedValue, C>(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes:
MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope: Namespace.ID?,
content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the bounds, interaction modes, selected value, scope,
and map content you provide.

`init(initialPosition: MapCameraPosition, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, scope: Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new, empty map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction
modes, and scope you provide.

`init<C>(initialPosition: MapCameraPosition, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () ->
C)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
scope, and map content you provide.

`init(initialPosition: MapCameraPosition, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<MapFeature?>, scope:
Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new, empty map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction
modes, selected map feature, and scope you provide.

`init<C>(initialPosition: MapCameraPosition, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<MapFeature?>, scope:
Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
selected map feature, scope, and content you provide.

`init<SelectedValue, C>(initialPosition: MapCameraPosition, bounds:
MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection:
Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
selected map feature, scope, and content you provide.

`init(position: Binding<MapCameraPosition>, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, scope: Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new, empty map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction
modes, and scope you provide.

`init<C>(position: Binding<MapCameraPosition>, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () ->
C)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
scope, and content you provide.

`init(position: Binding<MapCameraPosition>, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<MapFeature?>, scope:
Namespace.ID?)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
scope, and content you provide.

`init<C>(position: Binding<MapCameraPosition>, bounds: MapCameraBounds?,
interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<MapFeature?>, scope:
Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
selected feature, scope, and content you provide.

`init<SelectedValue, C>(position: Binding<MapCameraPosition>, bounds:
MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection:
Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

Creates a new map with the initial camera position, bounds, interaction modes,
selected feature, scope, and content you provide.

`struct MapInteractionModes`

Options that indicate the user interactions that the map responds to.

### Accessing the view body

`var body: View`

The content and behavior of the view.

### Managing feature selection

`func mapFeatureSelectionContent(content: (MapFeature) -> some MapContent) ->
View`

Specifies a custom presentation for the currently selected feature.

`func mapFeatureSelectionDisabled((MapFeature) -> Bool) -> View`

Specifies which map features should have selection disabled.

### Managing Look Around view presentation

`func lookAroundViewer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, initialScene:
MKLookAroundScene?, allowsNavigation: Bool, showsRoadLabels: Bool,
pointsOfInterest: PointOfInterestCategories, onDismiss: (() -> Void)?) ->
View`

Presents a Look Around view with the scene, navigation, road label, and points
of interest characteristics you provide.

`func lookAroundViewer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, scene:
Binding<MKLookAroundScene?>, allowsNavigation: Bool, showsRoadLabels: Bool,
pointsOfInterest: PointOfInterestCategories, onDismiss: (() -> Void)?) ->
View`

Presents a Look Around view with a binding to a scene, and navigation, road
label, and points of interest characteristics you provide.

### Managing map control sizing and visibility

`func mapControlVisibility(Visibility) -> View`

Configures all Map controls in the environment to have the specified
visibility.

`func mapControls(() -> some View) -> View`

Configures all map views in the associated environment to have standard sized
and positioned controls.

### Managing the camera

`func mapCameraKeyframeAnimator(trigger: some Equatable, keyframes:
(MapCamera) -> some Keyframes<MapCamera>) -> View`

Uses the keyframes you provide to animate the camera of a map when the value
you provide changes.

`func onMapCameraChange(frequency: MapCameraUpdateFrequency,
(MapCameraUpdateContext) -> Void) -> View`

Performs an action when Map camera framing changes that calls a closure that
provides the map camera and the area the camera frames.

`func onMapCameraChange(frequency: MapCameraUpdateFrequency, () -> Void) ->
View`

Performs an action when Map camera framing changes.

### Setting the namespace Identifier

`func mapScope(Namespace.ID) -> View`

Creates a namespace that SwiftUI uses to connect map controls to an associated
map.

### Setting the map style

`func mapStyle(MapStyle) -> View`

Specifies the map style to use.

### Type aliases

`typealias Map.Body`

The content and behavior of the view.

### Deprecated

API Reference

Deprecated Symbols

Map protocols and view modifiers that are no longer supported.

### Initializers

`init<SelectedValue, C>(bounds: MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes:
MapInteractionModes, selection: Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope: Namespace.ID?,
content: () -> C)`

`init<SelectedValue, C>(initialPosition: MapCameraPosition, bounds:
MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection:
Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

`init<SelectedValue, C>(position: Binding<MapCameraPosition>, bounds:
MapCameraBounds?, interactionModes: MapInteractionModes, selection:
Binding<SelectedValue?>, scope: Namespace.ID?, content: () -> C)`

### Instance Methods

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Essentials

`struct MapStyle`

A style that you can apply to a map.

Structure

# CameraView

A SwiftUI view into which a video stream or an image snapshot is rendered.

HomeKit  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.2+  tvOS 14.0+
watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct CameraView

## Topics

### Creating a camera view

`init(source: HMCameraSource)`

Creates a new camera view using the given source.

`class HMCameraSource`

An abstract class for a camera’s data source.

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<CameraView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<CameraView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> View`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body: (PlaceholderContentView<CameraView>) ->
V) -> View`

`func badgeProminence(BadgeProminence) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contextMenu<I, M>(forSelectionType: I.Type, menu: (Set<I>) -> M,
primaryAction: ((Set<I>) -> Void)?) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func defaultHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
View`

`func draggable<V, T>(() -> T, preview: () -> V) -> View`

`func dropDestination<T>(for: T.Type, action: ([T], CGPoint) -> Bool,
isTargeted: (Bool) -> Void) -> View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func fileDialogBrowserOptions(FileDialogBrowserOptions) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogCustomizationID(String) -> View`

`func fileDialogDefaultDirectory(URL?) -> View`

`func fileDialogImportsUnresolvedAliases(Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogURLEnabled(Predicate<URL>) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, item: T?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C, T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, items: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileImporter(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, allowedContentTypes: [UTType],
allowsMultipleSelection: Bool, onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, file: URL?, onCompletion:
(Result<URL, any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, files: C, onCompletion:
(Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func frame(depth: CGFloat?, alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func frame(minDepth: CGFloat?, idealDepth: CGFloat?, maxDepth: CGFloat?,
alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect(displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode) -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect<S>(in: S, displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode)
-> View`

`func hoverEffect(HoverEffect, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func hoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func inspector<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(CGFloat) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat, max: CGFloat?) ->
View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<CameraView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes: (Value)
-> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<CameraView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes:
(Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func listRowSpacing(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(CGFloat) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(ListSectionSpacing) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func monospaced(Bool) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func navigationSubtitle(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func navigationSubtitle(Text) -> View`

`func navigationSubtitle<S>(S) -> View`

`func offset(z: CGFloat) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func ornament<Content>(visibility: Visibility, attachmentAnchor:
OrnamentAttachmentAnchor, contentAlignment: Alignment, ornament: () ->
Content) -> View`

`func padding3D(CGFloat) -> View`

`func padding3D(EdgeInsets3D) -> View`

`func padding3D(Edge3D.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func paletteSelectionEffect(PaletteSelectionEffect) -> View`

`func perspectiveRotationEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z:
CGFloat), anchor: UnitPoint, anchorZ: CGFloat, perspective: CGFloat) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<CameraView>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase)
-> Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<CameraView>, Phase) -> some View, animation: (Phase)
-> Animation?) -> View`

`func preferredSurroundingsEffect(SurroundingsEffect?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Rotation3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat),
anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: RotationAxis3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint) -> ModifiedContent<CameraView,
_UniformScaleEffect>`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(Size3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollContentBackground(Visibility) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, scopes: () -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt:
LocalizedStringKey, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?,
token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some
StringProtocol, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (Binding<C.Element>) ->
some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some StringProtocol, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?) -> View`

`func searchable<S>(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey,
token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token: (C.Element) -> T) ->
View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> View`

`func textEditorStyle(some TextEditorStyle) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<CameraView>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func transform3DEffect(AffineTransform3D) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func upperLimbVisibility(Visibility) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

`func visualEffect3D((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy3D) -> some
VisualEffect) -> View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Managing camera profiles

`var cameraProfiles: [HMCameraProfile]?`

An array of camera profiles implemented by the accessory.

`class HMCameraProfile`

A camera profile that interacts with an accessory's camera.

`class HMCameraView`

The view into which a video stream or an image snapshot is rendered.

Structure

# NowPlayingView

A view that displays the system’s Now Playing interface so that the user can
control audio.

WatchKit  SwiftUI  watchOS 7.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct NowPlayingView

## Overview

With a Now Playing view, users can control current or recently played audio
without leaving your app. The Now Playing view displays information about the
current audio source, such as another app on the user’s Apple Watch or iPhone.
For example, users can play and pause music from their Apple Watch’s Music app
or control the volume of a podcast on their iPhone.

The system automatically selects the source. If the user is listening to audio
on their watch or phone, the system selects that audio source. Otherwise, the
system selects the most recently used source.

Always present the Now Playing view so that it fills the screen in a
nonscrolling container. Don’t add any other elements to the view.

## Topics

### Creating a Now Playing View

`init()`

Creates a view that displays the system’s Now Playing interface.

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<NowPlayingView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<NowPlayingView, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body: (PlaceholderContentView<NowPlayingView>)
-> V) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func datePickerStyle<S>(S) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<NowPlayingView>, Value) -> some View, keyframes:
(Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<NowPlayingView>, Value) -> some View,
keyframes: (Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(CGFloat) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(ListSectionSpacing) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func monospaced(Bool) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<NowPlayingView>, Phase) -> some View, animation:
(Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<NowPlayingView>, Phase) -> some View, animation:
(Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollContentBackground(Visibility) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<NowPlayingView>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### User interface

API Reference

Storyboard support

Connect your code to storyboard elements using interface controllers,
interface objects, and event handlers.

Generic Structure

# VideoPlayer

A view that displays content from a player and a native user interface to
control playback.

AVKit  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS
14.0+  watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    struct VideoPlayer<VideoOverlay> where VideoOverlay : View

## Overview

## Topics

### Creating a Video Player

`init(player: AVPlayer?)`

Creates a video-player user interface for the player object.

Available when `VideoOverlay` is `EmptyView`.

`init(player: AVPlayer?, videoOverlay: () -> VideoOverlay)`

Creates a video-player user interface for the player object.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Multiplatform Playback and Capture

`func continuityDevicePicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onDidConnect:
((AVContinuityDevice?) -> Void)?) -> View`

Presents an interface a person uses to select a nearby continuity device and
connect to their Apple TV.

Generic Structure

# PhotosPicker

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+
watchOS 9.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 14.0+

    
    
    struct PhotosPicker<Label> where Label : View

## Overview

Use the Photos picker view to browse and select images and vidoes from the
photo library. The view contains methods for single selection and multiple
selection. For example, the following code displays a button that — when
pressed — shows a picker in multiple selection mode.

When displaying the picker, you can use `PHPickerFilter` options to customize
what it displays. For example, the following code displays `images` and
excludes `screenshots`.

The selection results you get are placeholder objects. A `PhotosPickerItem`
conforms to `Transferable`, and allows you to load a representation you
request. To load a SwiftUI `Image` and track progress, use
`loadTransferable(type:completionHandler:)`.

A failure can occur when the system attempts to retrieve the data. For
example, if the picker tries to download data from iCloud Photos without a
network connection.

Important

`Image` only supports `PNG` file types through its `Transferable` conformance,
so you need to create a custom `Transferable` model to support other image
types. See Bringing Photos picker to your SwiftUI app to learn more.

## Topics

### Creating a picker

`init(selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, label:
() -> Label)`

Creates a picker that selects an item and optionally configures the types of
items to show, item encoding, and label behavior.

`init(selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?,
selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, label:
() -> Label)`

Creates a picker that selects a collection of items and optionally configures
the max selection count, selection behavior, types of items to show, item
encoding, and label behavior.

`init(selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a picker that selects an item from the photo library you specify and
optionally configures the types of items to show, item encoding, and label
behavior.

`init(selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?,
selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a picker that selects a collection of items from the photo library you
specify and optionally configures the max selection count, selection behavior,
types of items to show, item encoding, and label behavior.

### Creating a picker with a title

`init(LocalizedStringKey, selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching:
PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy)`

Creates a picker with a title key and selection, and optionally configures the
types of items to show and item encoding behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy)`

Creates a picker with a title and selection, and optionally configures the
types of items to show and item encoding behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>,
maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior,
matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy)`

Creates a picker with a title key and selection, and optionally configures the
max selection count, selection behavior, types of items to show, item
encoding, and label behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?,
selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy)`

Creates a picker with a title and selection, and optionally configures the max
selection count, selection behavior, types of items to show, item encoding,
and label behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching:
PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)`

Creates a picker with a title key and selection from the photo library you
specify, and optionally configures the types of items to show, item encoding,
and label behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)`

Creates a picker with a title and selection from the photo library you
specify, and optionally configures the types of items to show, item encoding,
and label behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>,
maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior,
matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)`

Creates a picker with a title key and selection from the photo library you
specify, and optionally configures the max selection count, selection
behavior, types of items to show, item encoding, and label behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?,
selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)`

Creates a picker with a title and selection from the photo library you
specify, and optionally configures the max selection count, selection
behavior, types of items to show, item encoding, and label behavior.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<PhotosPicker<Label>, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<PhotosPicker<Label>, AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> View`

`func alternatingRowBackgrounds(AlternatingRowBackgroundBehavior) -> View`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<PhotosPicker<Label>>) -> V) -> View`

`func badgeProminence(BadgeProminence) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contextMenu<I, M>(forSelectionType: I.Type, menu: (Set<I>) -> M,
primaryAction: ((Set<I>) -> Void)?) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func copyable<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func cuttable<T>(for: T.Type, action: () -> [T]) -> View`

`func defaultHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSeverity(DialogSeverity) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T]) -> View`

`func exportableToServices<T>(() -> [T], onEdit: ([T]) -> Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogBrowserOptions(FileDialogBrowserOptions) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogConfirmationLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogCustomizationID(String) -> View`

`func fileDialogDefaultDirectory(URL?) -> View`

`func fileDialogImportsUnresolvedAliases(Bool) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage(Text?) -> View`

`func fileDialogMessage<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileDialogURLEnabled(Predicate<URL>) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<D>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, document: D?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, documents: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, item: T?, contentTypes:
[UTType], defaultFilename: String?, onCompletion: (Result<URL, any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporter<C, T>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, items: C, contentTypes:
[UTType], onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: ()
-> Void) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel(Text?) -> View`

`func fileExporterFilenameLabel<S>(S) -> View`

`func fileImporter(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, allowedContentTypes: [UTType],
allowsMultipleSelection: Bool, onCompletion: (Result<[URL], any Error>) ->
Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, file: URL?, onCompletion:
(Result<URL, any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func fileMover<C>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, files: C, onCompletion:
(Result<[URL], any Error>) -> Void, onCancellation: () -> Void) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func frame(depth: CGFloat?, alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func frame(minDepth: CGFloat?, idealDepth: CGFloat?, maxDepth: CGFloat?,
alignment: DepthAlignment) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect(displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode) -> View`

`func glassBackgroundEffect<S>(in: S, displayMode: GlassBackgroundDisplayMode)
-> View`

`func hoverEffect(HoverEffect, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func hoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func inspector<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(CGFloat) -> View`

`func inspectorColumnWidth(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat, max: CGFloat?) ->
View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<PhotosPicker<Label>>, Value) -> some View, keyframes:
(Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<PhotosPicker<Label>>, Value) -> some View,
keyframes: (Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func listRowHoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func listRowSpacing(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(CGFloat) -> View`

`func listSectionSpacing(ListSectionSpacing) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func offset(z: CGFloat) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func ornament<Content>(visibility: Visibility, attachmentAnchor:
OrnamentAttachmentAnchor, contentAlignment: Alignment, ornament: () ->
Content) -> View`

`func padding3D(CGFloat) -> View`

`func padding3D(EdgeInsets3D) -> View`

`func padding3D(Edge3D.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func paletteSelectionEffect(PaletteSelectionEffect) -> View`

`func perspectiveRotationEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z:
CGFloat), anchor: UnitPoint, anchorZ: CGFloat, perspective: CGFloat) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<PhotosPicker<Label>>, Phase) -> some View, animation:
(Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<PhotosPicker<Label>>, Phase) -> some View, animation:
(Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> View`

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> View`

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> View`

`func preferredSurroundingsEffect(SurroundingsEffect?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Rotation3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: (x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat),
anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func rotation3DEffect(Angle, axis: RotationAxis3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint) ->
ModifiedContent<PhotosPicker<Label>, _UniformScaleEffect>`

`func scaleEffect(CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(Size3D, anchor: UnitPoint3D) -> View`

`func scaleEffect(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat, z: CGFloat, anchor: UnitPoint3D) ->
View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchDictationBehavior(TextInputDictationBehavior) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt:
LocalizedStringKey, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?,
token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some
StringProtocol, token: (Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (Binding<C.Element>) ->
some View) -> View`

`func searchable<C>(text: Binding<String>, editableTokens: Binding<C>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: some StringProtocol, token:
(Binding<C.Element>) -> some View) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func searchable(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?) -> View`

`func searchable<S>(text: Binding<String>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey,
token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>, isPresented:
Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement: SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token:
(C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: LocalizedStringKey, token: (C.Element) -> T) ->
View`

`func searchable<C, T>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: Text?, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func searchable<C, T, S>(text: Binding<String>, tokens: Binding<C>,
suggestedTokens: Binding<C>, isPresented: Binding<Bool>, placement:
SearchFieldPlacement, prompt: S, token: (C.Element) -> T) -> View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func tableColumnHeaders(Visibility) -> View`

`func textEditorStyle(some TextEditorStyle) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<PhotosPicker<Label>>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func transform3DEffect(AffineTransform3D) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func upperLimbVisibility(Visibility) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

`func visualEffect3D((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy3D) -> some
VisualEffect) -> View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Photos Picker for SwiftUI

Bringing Photos picker to your SwiftUI app

Select media assets by using a Photos picker view that SwiftUI provides.

Implementing an inline Photos picker

Embed a system-provided, half-height Photos picker into your app’s view.

`struct PhotosPickerItem`

A type that represents an item you use with a Photos picker.

`struct PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior`

A type that describes how the Photos picker handles user selection.

Instance Method

# photosPicker(isPresented:selection:matching:preferredItemEncoding:)

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  watchOS 9.0+

    
    
    func photosPicker(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>,
        matching filter: PHPickerFilter? = nil,
        preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy = .automatic
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

The binding to whether the Photos picker should be shown.

`selection`

    

The item being shown and selected in the Photos picker.

`filter`

    

Types of items that can be shown. Default is `nil`. Setting it to `nil` means
all supported types can be shown.

`preferredItemEncoding`

    

The encoding disambiguation policy of the selected item. Default is
`.automatic`. Setting it to `.automatic` means the best encoding determined by
the system will be used.

## Discussion

The user explicitly grants access only to items they choose, so photo library
access authorization is not needed.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)
-> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some
View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> some
View`

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View`

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View`

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

#
photosPicker(isPresented:selection:matching:preferredItemEncoding:photoLibrary:)

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+

    
    
    func photosPicker(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        selection: Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>,
        matching filter: PHPickerFilter? = nil,
        preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy = .automatic,
        photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

The binding to whether the Photos picker should be shown.

`selection`

    

The item being shown and selected in the Photos picker.

`filter`

    

Types of items that can be shown. Default is `nil`. Setting it to `nil` means
all supported types can be shown.

`preferredItemEncoding`

    

The encoding disambiguation policy of the selected item. Default is
`.automatic`. Setting it to `.automatic` means the best encoding determined by
the system will be used.

`photoLibrary`

    

The photo library to choose from.

## Discussion

The user explicitly grants access only to items they choose, so photo library
access authorization is not needed.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some
View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> some
View`

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View`

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View`

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

#
photosPicker(isPresented:selection:maxSelectionCount:selectionBehavior:matching:preferredItemEncoding:)

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  watchOS 9.0+

    
    
    func photosPicker(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>,
        maxSelectionCount: Int? = nil,
        selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior = .default,
        matching filter: PHPickerFilter? = nil,
        preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy = .automatic
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

The binding to whether the Photos picker should be shown.

`selection`

    

All items being shown and selected in the Photos picker.

`maxSelectionCount`

    

The maximum number of items that can be selected. Default is `nil`. Setting it
to `nil` means maximum supported by the system.

`selectionBehavior`

    

The selection behavior of the Photos picker. Default is `.default`.

`filter`

    

Types of items that can be shown. Default is `nil`. Setting it to `nil` means
all supported types can be shown.

`preferredItemEncoding`

    

The encoding disambiguation policy of selected items. Default is `.automatic`.
Setting it to `.automatic` means the best encoding determined by the system
will be used.

## Discussion

The user explicitly grants access only to items they choose, so photo library
access authorization is not needed.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)
-> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> some
View`

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View`

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View`

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

#
photosPicker(isPresented:selection:maxSelectionCount:selectionBehavior:matching:preferredItemEncoding:photoLibrary:)

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+

    
    
    func photosPicker(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        selection: Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>,
        maxSelectionCount: Int? = nil,
        selectionBehavior: PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior = .default,
        matching filter: PHPickerFilter? = nil,
        preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy = .automatic,
        photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

The binding to whether the Photos picker should be shown.

`selection`

    

All items being shown and selected in the Photos picker.

`maxSelectionCount`

    

The maximum number of items that can be selected. Default is `nil`. Setting it
to `nil` means maximum supported by the system.

`selectionBehavior`

    

The selection behavior of the Photos picker. Default is `.default`.

`filter`

    

Types of items that can be shown. Default is `nil`. Setting it to `nil` means
all supported types can be shown.

`preferredItemEncoding`

    

The encoding disambiguation policy of selected items. Default is `.automatic`.
Setting it to `.automatic` means the best encoding determined by the system
will be used.

`photoLibrary`

    

The photo library to choose from.

## Discussion

The user explicitly grants access only to items they choose, so photo library
access authorization is not needed.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)
-> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some
View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> some
View`

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View`

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View`

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

# photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(_:edges:)

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+

    
    
    func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(
        _ visibility: Visibility,
        edges: Edge.Set = .all
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`edges`

    

The accessory visibility to apply.

`edges`

    

One or more of the available edges.

## Return Value

A Photos picker with the specified accessory visibility.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)
-> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some
View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View`

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View`

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

# photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(_:)

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+

    
    
    func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(_ disabledCapabilities: PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`disabledCapabilities`

    

One or more of the available capabilities.

## Return Value

A Photos picker with specified capabilities that are disabled.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)
-> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some
View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> some
View`

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

`func photosPickerStyle(PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View`

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

# photosPickerStyle(_:)

Sets the mode of the Photos picker.

PhotosUI  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+

    
    
    func photosPickerStyle(_ style: PhotosPickerStyle) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`mode`

    

One of the available modes.

## Return Value

A Photos picker that uses the specified mode.

## See Also

### Selecting photos

`struct PhotosPicker`

A view that displays a Photos picker for choosing assets from the photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<PhotosPickerItem?>, matching: PHPickerFilter?, preferredItemEncoding:
PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy, photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary)
-> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a `PhotosPickerItem` from a given photo
library.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy) -> some
View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem`.

`func photosPicker(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, selection:
Binding<[PhotosPickerItem]>, maxSelectionCount: Int?, selectionBehavior:
PhotosPickerSelectionBehavior, matching: PHPickerFilter?,
preferredItemEncoding: PhotosPickerItem.EncodingDisambiguationPolicy,
photoLibrary: PHPhotoLibrary) -> some View`

Presents a Photos picker that selects a collection of `PhotosPickerItem` from
a given photo library.

`func photosPickerAccessoryVisibility(Visibility, edges: Edge.Set) -> some
View`

Sets the accessory visibility of the Photos picker. Accessories include
anything between the content and the edge, like the navigation bar or the
sidebar.

`func photosPickerDisabledCapabilities(PHPickerCapabilities) -> some View`

Disables capabilities of the Photos picker.

Instance Method

# quickLookPreview(_:)

Presents a Quick Look preview of the contents of a single URL.

QuickLook  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+

    
    
    func quickLookPreview(_ item: Binding<URL?>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`item`

    

A `Binding` to a URL that should be previewed.

## Return Value

A view that presents the preview of the contents of the URL.

## Discussion

The Quick Look preview appears when you set the binding to a non-`nil` item.
When you set the item back to `nil`, Quick Look dismisses the preview.

Upon dismissal by the user, Quick Look automatically sets the item binding to
`nil`. Quick Look displays the preview when a non-`nil` item is set. Set
`item` to `nil` to dismiss the preview.

## See Also

### Previewing content

`func quickLookPreview<Items>(Binding<Items.Element?>, in: Items) -> some
View`

Presents a Quick Look preview of the URLs you provide.

Instance Method

# quickLookPreview(_:in:)

Presents a Quick Look preview of the URLs you provide.

QuickLook  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+

    
    
    func quickLookPreview<Items>(
        _ selection: Binding<Items.Element?>,
        in items: Items
    ) -> some View where Items : RandomAccessCollection, Items.Element == URL
    

##  Parameters

`selection`

    

A `Binding` to an element that’s part of the items collection. This is the URL
that you currently want to preview.

`items`

    

A collection of URLs to preview.

## Return Value

A view that presents the preview of the contents of the URL.

## Discussion

The Quick Look preview appears when you set the binding to a non-`nil` item.
When you set the item back to `nil`, Quick Look dismisses the preview. If the
value of the selection binding isn’t contained in the items collection, Quick
Look treats it the same as a `nil` selection.

Quick Look updates the value of the selection binding to match the URL of the
file the user is previewing. Upon dismissal by the user, Quick Look
automatically sets the item binding to `nil`.

## See Also

### Previewing content

`func quickLookPreview(Binding<URL?>) -> some View`

Presents a Quick Look preview of the contents of a single URL.

Generic Structure

# DevicePicker

A SwiftUI view that displays other devices on the network, and creates an
encrypted connection to a copy of your app running on that device.

DeviceDiscoveryUI  SwiftUI  tvOS 16.0+  Xcode 14.0+

    
    
    struct DevicePicker<Label, Fallback> where Label : View, Fallback : View

## Overview

Always display the picker as a full-screen, modal view. If the user selects a
device, the system calls the closure you passed as the `onSelect` parameter.
If the user cancels the picker, it silently closes.

If the current device doesn’t support device discovery, the system displays
the fallback view instead of the device picker. Use the
DevicePickerSupportedAction environment value to check whether the current
device supports device discovery.

## Topics

### Creating a device picker

`init(NWBrowser.Descriptor, onSelect: (NWEndpoint) -> Void, label: () ->
Label, fallback: () -> Fallback, parameters: (() -> NWParameters)?)`

Creates a view that displays the other, available devices on your local
network.

### Instance Methods

`func accessibilityDirectTouch(Bool, options: AccessibilityDirectTouchOptions)
-> ModifiedContent<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>,
AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func accessibilityZoomAction((AccessibilityZoomGestureAction) -> Void) ->
ModifiedContent<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>,
AccessibilityAttachmentModifier>`

`func allowedDynamicRange(Image.DynamicRange?) -> View`

`func animation<V>(Animation?, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>>) -> V) -> View`

`func buttonRepeatBehavior(ButtonRepeatBehavior) -> View`

`func colorEffect(Shader, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func containerBackground<S>(S, for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement) -> View`

`func containerBackground<V>(for: ContainerBackgroundPlacement, alignment:
Alignment, content: () -> V) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, alignment: Alignment, (CGFloat, Axis)
-> CGFloat) -> View`

`func containerRelativeFrame(Axis.Set, count: Int, span: Int, spacing:
CGFloat, alignment: Alignment) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, CGFloat?, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func contentMargins(Edge.Set, EdgeInsets, for: ContentMarginPlacement) ->
View`

`func contentMargins(CGFloat, for: ContentMarginPlacement) -> View`

`func controlGroupStyle<S>(S) -> View`

`func coordinateSpace(NamedCoordinateSpace) -> View`

`func defaultHoverEffect(HoverEffect?) -> View`

`func defaultScrollAnchor(UnitPoint?) -> View`

`func dialogIcon(Image?) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(LocalizedStringKey, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>)
-> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(Text, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle<S>(S, isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func dialogSuppressionToggle(isSuppressed: Binding<Bool>) -> View`

`func distortionEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) ->
View`

`func environment<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func focusable(Bool, interactions: FocusInteractions) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T) -> View`

`func focusedSceneObject<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedSceneValue<T>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, T?>, T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<T>(T?) -> View`

`func focusedValue<Value>(WritableKeyPath<FocusedValues, Value?>, Value?) ->
View`

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> View`

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> View`

`func geometryGroup() -> View`

`func hoverEffect(HoverEffect, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func hoverEffectDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func invalidatableContent(Bool) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, repeating: Bool, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>>, Value) -> some View,
keyframes: (Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func keyframeAnimator<Value>(initialValue: Value, trigger: some Equatable,
content: (PlaceholderContentView<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>>, Value) ->
some View, keyframes: (Value) -> some Keyframes) -> View`

`func layerEffect(Shader, maxSampleOffset: CGSize, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func layoutDirectionBehavior(LayoutDirectionBehavior) -> View`

`func menuActionDismissBehavior(MenuActionDismissBehavior) -> View`

`func menuIndicator(Visibility) -> View`

`func menuStyle<S>(S) -> View`

`func monospaced(Bool) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<V>(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, destination: () ->
V) -> View`

`func navigationDestination<D, C>(item: Binding<Optional<D>>, destination: (D)
-> C) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, (V, V) -> Void) -> View`

`func onChange<V>(of: V, initial: Bool, () -> Void) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, action: () -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(KeyEquivalent, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(characters: CharacterSet, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(keys: Set<KeyEquivalent>, phases: KeyPress.Phases, action:
(KeyPress) -> KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func onKeyPress(phases: KeyPress.Phases, action: (KeyPress) ->
KeyPress.Result) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>>, Phase) -> some View,
animation: (Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func phaseAnimator<Phase>(some Sequence, trigger: some Equatable, content:
(PlaceholderContentView<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>>, Phase) -> some View,
animation: (Phase) -> Animation?) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<S>(S) -> View`

`func presentationBackground<V>(alignment: Alignment, content: () -> V) ->
View`

`func presentationBackgroundInteraction(PresentationBackgroundInteraction) ->
View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationCompactAdaptation(horizontal: PresentationAdaptation,
vertical: PresentationAdaptation) -> View`

`func presentationContentInteraction(PresentationContentInteraction) -> View`

`func presentationCornerRadius(CGFloat?) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(CGFloat) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(EdgeInsets) -> View`

`func safeAreaPadding(Edge.Set, CGFloat?) -> View`

`func scrollBounceBehavior(ScrollBounceBehavior, axes: Axis.Set) -> View`

`func scrollClipDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(onAppear: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollIndicatorsFlash(trigger: some Equatable) -> View`

`func scrollPosition(id: Binding<(some Hashable)?>, anchor: UnitPoint?) ->
View`

`func scrollTargetBehavior(some ScrollTargetBehavior) -> View`

`func scrollTargetLayout(isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func scrollTransition(topLeading: ScrollTransitionConfiguration,
bottomTrailing: ScrollTransitionConfiguration, axis: Axis?, transition:
(EmptyVisualEffect, ScrollTransitionPhase) -> some VisualEffect) -> View`

`func searchPresentationToolbarBehavior(SearchPresentationToolbarBehavior) ->
View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, activation: SearchScopeActivation, () ->
S) -> View`

`func searchScopes<V, S>(Binding<V>, scopes: () -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions<S>(() -> S) -> View`

`func searchSuggestions(Visibility, for: SearchSuggestionsPlacement.Set) ->
View`

`func selectionDisabled(Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(SensoryFeedback, trigger: T, condition: (T, T) ->
Bool) -> View`

`func sensoryFeedback<T>(trigger: T, (T, T) -> SensoryFeedback?) -> View`

`func springLoadingBehavior(SpringLoadingBehavior) -> View`

`func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, isActive: Bool) ->
View`

`func symbolEffect<T, U>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions, value: U) -> View`

`func symbolEffectsRemoved(Bool) -> View`

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> View`

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> View`

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> View`

`func transaction<V>((inout Transaction) -> Void, body:
(PlaceholderContentView<DevicePicker<Label, Fallback>>) -> V) -> View`

`func transaction(value: some Equatable, (inout Transaction) -> Void) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(LocalizedStringKey) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent(Text?) -> View`

`func typeSelectEquivalent<S>(S) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> View`

`func visualEffect((EmptyVisualEffect, GeometryProxy) -> some VisualEffect) ->
View`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`

## See Also

### Selecting nearby devices

Connecting a tvOS app to other devices over the local network

Display a view in your tvOS app that lists available iOS, iPadOS, and watchOS
devices that the user can connect to over their local network.

`class DDDevicePickerViewController`

A UIKit view that displays other devices on the network, and creates an
encrypted connection to a copy of your app running on that device.

`struct DevicePickerSupportedAction`

An environment value that indicates whether the current device supports device
discovery.

`property list key NSApplicationServices`

A list of service providers and the devices that they support.

Instance Property

# devicePickerSupports

Checks for support to present a DevicePicker.

DeviceDiscoveryUI  SwiftUI  tvOS 16.0+

    
    
    var devicePickerSupports: DevicePickerSupportedAction { get }

## See Also

### Interacting with networked devices

`struct DevicePicker`

A SwiftUI view that displays other devices on the network, and creates an
encrypted connection to a copy of your app running on that device.

Instance Method

# activitySystemActionForegroundColor(_:)

The text color for the auxiliary action button that the system shows next to a
Live Activity on the Lock Screen.

iOS 16.1+  iPadOS 16.1+  Mac Catalyst 16.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func activitySystemActionForegroundColor(_ color: Color?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`color`

    

The text color to use. Pass `nil` to use the system’s default color.

## See Also

### Configuring a Live Activity

`func activityBackgroundTint(Color?) -> some View`

Sets the tint color for the background of a Live Activity that appears on the
Lock Screen.

`var isActivityFullscreen: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the Live Activity appears in a full-
screen presentation.

Instance Method

# activityBackgroundTint(_:)

Sets the tint color for the background of a Live Activity that appears on the
Lock Screen.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func activityBackgroundTint(_ color: Color?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`color`

    

The background tint color to apply. To use the system’s default background
material, pass `nil`.

## Discussion

When you set a custom background tint color, consider setting a custom text
color for the auxiliary button people use to end a Live Activity on the Lock
Screen. To set a custom text color, use the
`activitySystemActionForegroundColor(_:)` view modifier.

## See Also

### Configuring a Live Activity

`func activitySystemActionForegroundColor(Color?) -> some View`

The text color for the auxiliary action button that the system shows next to a
Live Activity on the Lock Screen.

`var isActivityFullscreen: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the Live Activity appears in a full-
screen presentation.

Instance Property

# isActivityFullscreen

A Boolean value that indicates whether the Live Activity appears in a full-
screen presentation.

iOS 16.1+  iPadOS 16.1+  Mac Catalyst 16.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isActivityFullscreen: Bool { get }

## Discussion

When a Live Activity fills the entire screen, the system extends the
background tint color you set with the `activityBackgroundTint(_:)` modifier
to fill the screen.

Note that this environment variable is always `false` in iOS 16.

## See Also

### Configuring a Live Activity

`func activitySystemActionForegroundColor(Color?) -> some View`

The text color for the auxiliary action button that the system shows next to a
Live Activity on the Lock Screen.

`func activityBackgroundTint(Color?) -> some View`

Sets the tint color for the background of a Live Activity that appears on the
Lock Screen.

Instance Method

# appStoreOverlay(isPresented:configuration:)

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func appStoreOverlay(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        configuration: @escaping () -> SKOverlay.Configuration
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

A Binding to a boolean value indicating whether the overlay should be
presented.

`configuration`

    

A closure providing the configuration of the overlay.

## Discussion

You use `appStoreOverlay` to display an overlay that recommends another app.
The overlay enables users to instantly view the other app’s page on the App
Store.

When `isPresented` is true, the system will run `configuration` to determine
how to configure the overlay. The overlay will automatically be presented over
the current scene.

See Also

SKOverlay.Configuration.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented:)

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# refundRequestSheet(for:isPresented:onDismiss:)

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @preconcurrency
    func refundRequestSheet(
        for transactionID: Transaction.ID,
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        onDismiss: (@MainActor (Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus, Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())? = nil
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`transactionID`

    

The transaction ID to request a refund for.

`isPresented`

    

A binding to a Boolean value that determines whether the refund request sheet
is presented.

`onDismiss`

    

The closure to execute when dismissing the sheet, with the result of the
refund request provided as a parameter.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# offerCodeRedemption(isPresented:onCompletion:)

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func offerCodeRedemption(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        onCompletion: @escaping @MainActor (Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void = { _ in }
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

A Binding to a boolean value indicating whether the sheet should be presented.

`onCompletion`

    

A closure that returns the result of the presentation.

## Discussion

Important

The resulting transaction from redeeming an offer code is emitted in
`Transaction.updates`. Set up a transaction listener as soon as your app
launches to receive new transactions while the app is running.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented:options:onLoadCompletion:)

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

MusicKit  SwiftUI  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+

    
    
    func musicSubscriptionOffer(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        options: MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options = .default,
        onLoadCompletion: @escaping ((any Error)?) -> Void = { _ in }
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

A binding to a Boolean value that you can set to `true` to show a sheet with
subscription offers for Apple Music.

`options`

    

Options to use for loading the subscription offer for Apple Music.

`onLoadCompletion`

    

The function to call upon completing the initial loading process for this
subscription offer. The subscription offer UI becomes visible when it calls
this function with the error argument as `nil`. If there is an error in the
loading process, the subscription offer calls this function with a non-`nil`
error, and it resets the `isPresented` binding to `false`.

## Discussion

The example below displays a simple button that the user can activate to begin
presenting subscription offers for Apple Music. The action handler of this
button initiates the presentation of those offers by setting the
`isShowingOffer` variable to `true`.

You can also configure the Apple Music subscription offer by creating an
instance of `MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options`, setting relevant properties on
it, and passing it to `.musicSubscriptionOffer(…)`. For example, to present
contextual offers that highlight a specific album, you can configure the
subscription offer like the following:

The initial value of `offerOptions` includes relevant tokens (affiliate and
campaign tokens) that allow you to receive compensation for referring new
Apple Music subscribers. For more information, see this presentation of the
Apple Services Performance Partners Program.

You may also set `isShowingOffer` to `false` to programmatically dismiss the
subscription offer (or to abort its loading process).

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# currentEntitlementTask(for:priority:action:)

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func currentEntitlementTask(
        for productID: String,
        priority: TaskPriority = .medium,
        action: @escaping (EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`productID`

    

The product ID to get the entitlement for. The task restarts whenever this
parameter changes.

`priority`

    

The task priority to use when creating the task.

`action`

    

The action to perform when the task’s state changes.

## Discussion

Before a view modified with this method appears, a task will start in the
background to get the current entitlement. While the view is presented, the
task will call `action` whenever the entitlement changes or the task’s state
changes.

Consumable in-app purchases will always pass `nil` to `action`. For auto-
renewable subscriptions, use `subscriptionStatusTask(for:priority:action:)` to
get the full status information for the subscription.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# inAppPurchaseOptions(_:)

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func inAppPurchaseOptions(_ options: ((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`options`

    

The system calls this function before processing a purchase, with the product
to be purchased is provided as a parameter. Return a set of purchase options
to add to the purchase.

## Discussion

In-app stores within this view will add any default purchase options to the
set you return, and use the result for configuring the purchase. If you just
want to react to in-app purchases beginning without adding purchase options,
you can add an action with `onInAppPurchaseStart(perform:)`.

You can remove any options ancestor views may have added by providing `nil`
for the action. This will result in using the default set of purchase options.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented:subscriptionGroupID:)

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func manageSubscriptionsSheet(
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
        subscriptionGroupID: String
    ) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform:)

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform action: ((Product, Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`action`

    

The action to perform, with the product value and the purchase result provided
as parameters.

## Discussion

By default, transactions from successful in-app store view purchases will be
emitted from `Transaction.updates`. If the purchase fails with an error, an
alert will be displayed. You can revert a view back to this behavior by
providing `nil` for action.

Only one action will be performed for each purchase. Descendant views can
override the action by using another `onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform:)`
modifier.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# onInAppPurchaseStart(perform:)

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform action: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`action`

    

The action to perform, with the product to be purchased provided as a
parameter.

## Discussion

You can remove any actions ancestor views may have added by providing `nil`
for the action.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# productIconBorder()

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func productIconBorder() -> some View
    

## Discussion

You can also use this on an icon provided to `StoreView` instances.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# productViewStyle(_:)

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func productViewStyle(_ style: some ProductViewStyle) -> some View
    

## Discussion

This modifier styles any `ProductView` or `StoreView` instances within a view.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# productDescription(_:)

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func productDescription(_ visibility: Visibility) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# storeButton(_:for:)

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func storeButton(
        _ visibility: Visibility,
        for buttonKinds: StoreButtonKind...
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`visibility`

    

The preferred visibility of the buttons.

`buttonKinds`

    

The kinds of buttons to update visibility of.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# storeProductTask(for:priority:action:)

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func storeProductTask(
        for id: Product.ID,
        priority: TaskPriority = .medium,
        action: @escaping (Product.TaskState) async -> ()
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`id`

    

The product ID to load from the App Store. The task restarts whenever this
parameter changes.

`priority`

    

The task priority to use when creating the task.

`action`

    

The action to perform when the task’s state changes.

## Discussion

Before a view modified with this method appears, a task will start in the
background to load the product from the App Store. While the view is
presented, the task will call `action` whenever the product changes or the
task’s state changes.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# storeProductsTask(for:priority:action:)

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func storeProductsTask(
        for ids: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
        priority: TaskPriority = .medium,
        action: @escaping (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`ids`

    

The product IDs to load from the App Store. The task restarts whenever this
parameter changes.

`priority`

    

The task priority to use when creating the task.

`action`

    

The action to perform when the task’s state changes.

## Discussion

Before a view modified with this method appears, a task will start in the
background to load the products from the App Store. While the view is
presented, the task will call `action` whenever the products change or the
task’s state changes.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStatusTask(for:priority:action:)

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStatusTask(
        for groupID: String,
        priority: TaskPriority = .medium,
        action: @escaping (EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`groupID`

    

The subscription group ID to get the status for. The task restarts whenever
this parameter changes.

`priority`

    

The task priority to use when creating the task.

`action`

    

The action to perform when the task’s state changes.

## Discussion

Before a view modified with this method appears, a task will start in the
background to get the subscription status. While the view is presented, the
task will call `action` whenever the status changes or the task’s state
changes.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(_:)

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  watchOS 10.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(_ label: SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View
    

## Discussion

The button label is not always respected in every context. For example, if you
have a subscription store that shows multiple subscribe buttons, setting
`SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel/action-swift.type.property` as the button label
will fall back to each subscription’s display name.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon:)

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(@ViewBuilder icon: @escaping (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo) -> some View) -> some View
    

## Discussion

You can adjust this view to provide different appearances for each
subscription option.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStoreControlStyle(_:)

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(_ style: some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) -> some View
    

## Discussion

This modifier styles any `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within a view.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(_:)

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  watchOS 10.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(_ backgroundStyle: some ShapeStyle) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for:destination:)

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(
        for button: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
        @ViewBuilder destination: () -> some View
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`button`

    

The policy button to associate the URL with.

`destination`

    

The view to present when someone chooses to view the policy.

## Discussion

Except on tvOS, you can also set a URL as the destination using
`subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url:for:)`. If you do not set a
destination, the system will use the automatic behavior. Check the
documentation for the value you provide for `button` to understand the
automatic behavior.

By default, the subscription store shows the terms of service & privacy policy
buttons if you set a destination for at least one policy. The policy that is
not explicitly set will use the automatic behavior. You can override this
behavior using the `storeButton(_:for:)` modifier, with
`StoreButtonKind/policies` as the second parameter.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url:for:)

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  watchOS 10.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(
        url: URL,
        for button: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`url`

    

The URL of the web page to open when someone chooses to view the policy.

`button`

    

The policy button to associate the URL with.

## Discussion

You can also set a view as the destination using
`subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for:destination:)`. If you do not set a
destination, or pass `nil` for `url`, the system will use the automatic
behavior. Check the documentation for the value you provide for `button` to
understand the automatic behavior.

By default, the subscription store shows the terms of service & privacy policy
buttons if you set a destination for at least one policy. The policy that is
not explicitly set will use the automatic behavior. You can override this
behavior using the `storeButton(_:for:)` modifier, with
`StoreButtonKind/policies` as the second parameter.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(_:)

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(_ style: some ShapeStyle) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(_:_:)

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(
        _ primary: some ShapeStyle,
        _ secondary: some ShapeStyle
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`primary`

    

The color or pattern to use for the terms of service and privacy policy
buttons

`secondary`

    

The color or pattern to use for the conjunction between the buttons in the
policy section

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStoreSignInAction(_:)

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStoreSignInAction(_ action: (() -> ())?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`action`

    

The action to perform. Pass `nil` to remove the sign in action for
subscription stores within this view. The default value is `nil`.

## Discussion

You can only have one sign in action for a view. If an ancestor view specifies
a sign in action, using this modifier will replace the ancestor’s sign in
action.

If the value is `nil`, subscription stores will never show a sign in button.
You can also hide the sign in button without removing the action by using the
`storeButton(_:for:)` modifier, providing `StoreButtonKind/signIn` as the
button kind.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStoreControlBackground(_:)

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(_ backgroundStyle: SubscriptionStoreControlBackground) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionStoreControlBackground(_:)

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+

    
    
    func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(_ backgroundStyle: some ShapeStyle) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> Product.SubscriptionOffer?, signature: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo,
Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws ->
Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature) -> some View`

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

Instance Method

# subscriptionPromotionalOffer(offer:signature:)

Select a promotional offer to apply to a purchase made from a subscription
store view.

StoreKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.4+  iPadOS 17.4+  macOS 14.4+  tvOS 17.4+  watchOS
10.4+  visionOS 1.1+

    
    
    func subscriptionPromotionalOffer(
        offer: @escaping (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo) -> Product.SubscriptionOffer?,
        signature: @escaping (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo, Product.SubscriptionOffer) async throws -> Product.SubscriptionOffer.Signature
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`offer`

    

The system calls this function before drawing the given subscription product
on the subscription store view. Return the promotional offer to apply to the
product, if any, to have system-provided UI reflect the discounted terms under
the selected offer.

`signature`

    

The system calls this function before processing a purchase, with the product
to be purchased provided as a parameter, along with the selected subscription
offer to be applied to the purchase. Return a signature you generate on your
server that validates the selected offer. Errors thrown from this closure will
be surfaced via the `onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform:)` modifier.

## Discussion

Subscription stores within this view will use the specified subscription offer
to configure the appearance of the subscription plans displayed, when using a
system-provided `SubscriptionStoreControlStyle` to style the in-app
subscription store. Standard `ProductViewStyle` instances don’t show
introductory or promotional offers in UI, instead use `SubscriptionStoreView`.

If the selected offer is determined to be valid using the `signature`
parameter, it will be applied to the purchase. If an offer is determined to be
invalid using its corresponding signature, the purchase will fail with
`StoreKit/Product.PurchaseError/invalidOfferSignature`.

Promotional offers selected through this modifier will overwrite any offers
specified by ancestor views.

## See Also

### Interacting with the App Store and Apple Music

`func appStoreOverlay(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, configuration: () ->
SKOverlay.Configuration) -> some View`

Presents a StoreKit overlay when a given condition is true.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

`func refundRequestSheet(for: Transaction.ID, isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
onDismiss: ((Result<Transaction.RefundRequestStatus,
Transaction.RefundRequestError>) -> ())?) -> some View`

Display the refund request sheet for the given transaction.

`func offerCodeRedemption(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, onCompletion:
(Result<Void, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Presents a sheet that enables users to redeem subscription offer codes that
you configure in App Store Connect.

`func musicSubscriptionOffer(isPresented: Binding<Bool>, options:
MusicSubscriptionOffer.Options, onLoadCompletion: ((any Error)?) -> Void) ->
some View`

Initiates the process of presenting a sheet with subscription offers for Apple
Music when the `isPresented` binding is `true`.

`func currentEntitlementTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<VerificationResult<Transaction>?>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the entitlement of an in-app purchase
product for `productID` and returns a modified view.

`func inAppPurchaseOptions(((Product) async -> Set<Product.PurchaseOption>)?)
-> some View`

Add a function to call before initiating a purchase from an in-app store
within view, providing a set of options for the purchase.

`func manageSubscriptionsSheet(isPresented: Binding<Bool>,
subscriptionGroupID: String) -> some View`

`func onInAppPurchaseCompletion(perform: ((Product,
Result<Product.PurchaseResult, any Error>) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a purchase initiated from an in-app store within
this view completes.

`func onInAppPurchaseStart(perform: ((Product) async -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when a user triggers the purchase button on an in-app
store within this view.

`func productIconBorder() -> some View`

Adds a standard border to an icon used by an `ProductView` .

`func productViewStyle(some ProductViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for in-app store products within a view.

`func productDescription(Visibility) -> some View`

`func storeButton(Visibility, for: StoreButtonKind...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of certain kinds of auxiliary buttons used by
`StoreView` or `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within the view.

`func storeProductTask(for: Product.ID, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(Product.TaskState) async -> ()) -> some View`

Declares the view as dependent on the in-app purchase product for `id` and
returns a modified view.

`func storeProductsTask(for: some Collection<String> & Equatable & Sendable,
priority: TaskPriority, action: (Product.CollectionTaskState) async -> ()) ->
some View`

Declares the view as dependent on a collection of in-app purchase products and
returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStatusTask(for: String, priority: TaskPriority, action:
(EntitlementTaskState<[Product.SubscriptionInfo.Status]>) async -> ()) -> some
View`

Declares the view as dependent on the status of an auto-renewable subscription
group for `groupID` and returns a modified view.

`func subscriptionStoreButtonLabel(SubscriptionStoreButtonLabel) -> some View`

Configures in-app subscription store instances within a view to use a certain
button label.

`func subscriptionStoreControlIcon(icon: (Product, Product.SubscriptionInfo)
-> some View) -> some View`

Set a view to use to decorate individual subscription options within a
`SubscriptionStoreView`.

`func subscriptionStoreControlStyle(some SubscriptionStoreControlStyle) ->
some View`

Sets the control style for in-app subscription stores within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePickerItemBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the background style for picker items of `SubscriptionStoreView`
instances within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(for: SubscriptionStorePolicyKind,
destination: () -> some View) -> some View`

Configures a view as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyDestination(url: URL, for:
SubscriptionStorePolicyKind) -> some View`

Configures a URL as the destination when someone chooses to view the
corresponding policy in a `SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service or privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStorePolicyForegroundStyle(some ShapeStyle, some ShapeStyle)
-> some View`

Sets the style for terms of service and privacy policy buttons created by
`SubscriptionStoreView` within a view.

`func subscriptionStoreSignInAction((() -> ())?) -> some View`

Add an action to perform when someone triggers the sign in button on a
`SubscriptionStoreView` within this view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(SubscriptionStoreControlBackground)
-> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

`func subscriptionStoreControlBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Set the control background style for `SubscriptionStoreView` instances within
the view.

Instance Method

# healthDataAccessRequest(store:objectType:predicate:trigger:completion:)

Asynchronously requests permission to read a data type that requires per-
object authorization (such as vision prescriptions).

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func healthDataAccessRequest(
        store: HKHealthStore,
        objectType: HKObjectType,
        predicate: NSPredicate? = nil,
        trigger: some Equatable,
        completion: @escaping (Result<Bool, any Error>) -> Void
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`store`

    

The HealthKit store where you’re requesting authorization.

`objectType`

    

The data type you want to read.

`trigger`

    

A value used to trigger the request. This value must be a `State` variable.
Any change to the variable triggers a request.

`completion`

    

A block that the system calls after the request is complete. The system passes
the result parameter.

`result`

    

A value that indicates whether the request succeeded. This value doesn’t
indicate whether the user actually granted permission. The value is `.success`
if the request succeeded; otherwise, it’s `.error`. You can access the error’s
description from the `.error` value.

## Discussion

Some samples require per-object authorization. For these samples, people can
select which ones your app can read on a sample-by-sample basis. By default,
your app can read any of the per-object authorization samples that it has
saved to the HealthKit store; however, you may not always have access to those
samples. People can update the authorization status for any of these samples
at any time.

Your app can begin by setting up the request in SwiftUI.

Next, query for any samples that it already has permission to read.

Based on the results, you can then decide whether you need to request
authorization for additional samples. Modify the trigger’s value to prompt
someone to modify the samples your app has access to read.

Important

Using the
`healthDataAccessRequest(store:shareTypes:readTypes:trigger:completion:)`
method to request read access to any data types that require per-object
authorization fails with an `errorInvalidArgument` error.

When your app calls this method, HealthKit displays an authorization sheet
that asks for permission to read the samples that match the predicate and
object type. The person using your app can then select individual samples to
share with your app. The system always asks for permission, regardless of
whether the user previously granted it.

People can individually enable each of the prescriptions. After they respond,
the system calls the callback handler on an arbitrary background queue.

## See Also

### Accessing health data

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, readTypes:
Set<HKObjectType>, trigger: some Equatable, completion: (Result<Bool, any
Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Requests permission to read the specified HealthKit data types.

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, shareTypes:
Set<HKSampleType>, readTypes: Set<HKObjectType>?, trigger: some Equatable,
completion: (Result<Bool, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Requests permission to save and read the specified HealthKit data types.

`func workoutPreview(WorkoutPlan, isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Presents a preview of the workout contents as a modal sheet

Instance Method

# healthDataAccessRequest(store:readTypes:trigger:completion:)

Requests permission to read the specified HealthKit data types.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  watchOS 10.2+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func healthDataAccessRequest(
        store: HKHealthStore,
        readTypes: Set<HKObjectType>,
        trigger: some Equatable,
        completion: @escaping (Result<Bool, any Error>) -> Void
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`store`

    

The HealthKit store where you’re requesting authorization.

`readTypes`

    

An optional set containing the data types you want to read. This set can
contain any concrete subclass of the `HKObjectType` class (any of the
`HKCharacteristicType`, `HKQuantityType`, `HKCategoryType`, `HKWorkoutType`,
or `HKCorrelationType` classes ). If the user grants permission, your app can
read these data types from the HealthKit store.

`trigger`

    

A value used to trigger the request. This value must be a `State` variable.
Any change to the variable triggers a request.

`completion`

    

A block that the system calls after the request is complete. The system passes
the result parameter.

`result`

    

A value that indicates whether the request succeeded. This value doesn’t
indicate whether the user actually granted permission. The value is `.success`
if the request succeeded; otherwise, it’s `.error`. You can access the error’s
description from the `.error` value.

## Discussion

HealthKit performs this request asynchronously when you modify the trigger’s
value. If you call this method with a new data type (a type of data that the
user hasn’t previously granted or denied permission for in this app), the
system automatically displays the authorization sheet when you modify the
trigger’s value. The authorization sheet lists all the requested permissions.
After the user finishes responding, HealthKit calls the completion block on a
background queue. If the user has already chosen to grant or prohibit access
to all of the types specified, HealthKit calls the completion when you modify
the trigger without prompting the user.

  * Authenticating on launch 
  * Full Swift file 

Customize the messages displayed on the permissions sheet by setting the
following key:

  * `NSHealthShareUsageDescription` customizes the message for reading data.

Warning

You must set the usage key, or your app crashes when you request
authorization.

Set the key in the Target Properties list on the app’s Info tab.

After users set the permissions for your app, they can always change them
using either the Settings or the Health app. Your app appears in the Health
app’s Sources tab, even if the user didn’t allow permission to read data.

## See Also

### Accessing health data

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, objectType: HKObjectType,
predicate: NSPredicate?, trigger: some Equatable, completion: (Result<Bool,
any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Asynchronously requests permission to read a data type that requires per-
object authorization (such as vision prescriptions).

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, shareTypes:
Set<HKSampleType>, readTypes: Set<HKObjectType>?, trigger: some Equatable,
completion: (Result<Bool, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Requests permission to save and read the specified HealthKit data types.

`func workoutPreview(WorkoutPlan, isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Presents a preview of the workout contents as a modal sheet

Instance Method

# healthDataAccessRequest(store:shareTypes:readTypes:trigger:completion:)

Requests permission to save and read the specified HealthKit data types.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  watchOS 10.2+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func healthDataAccessRequest(
        store: HKHealthStore,
        shareTypes: Set<HKSampleType>,
        readTypes: Set<HKObjectType>? = nil,
        trigger: some Equatable,
        completion: @escaping (Result<Bool, any Error>) -> Void
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`store`

    

The HealthKit store where you’re requesting authorization.

`shareTypes`

    

A set containing the data types you want to share. This set can contain any
concrete subclass of the `HKSampleType` class (any of the `HKQuantityType`,
`HKCategoryType`, `HKWorkoutType`, or `HKCorrelationType` classes). If the
user grants permission, your app can create and save these data types to the
HealthKit store.

`readTypes`

    

An optional set containing the data types you want to read. This set can
contain any concrete subclass of the `HKObjectType` class (any of the
`HKCharacteristicType`, `HKQuantityType`, `HKCategoryType`, `HKWorkoutType`,
or `HKCorrelationType` classes ). If the user grants permission, your app can
read these data types from the HealthKit store.

`trigger`

    

A value used to trigger the request. This value must be a `State` variable.
Any change to the variable triggers a request.

`completion`

    

A block that the system calls after the request is complete. The system passes
the result parameter.

`result`

    

A value that indicates whether the request succeeded. This value doesn’t
indicate whether the user actually granted permission. The value is `.success`
if the request succeeded; otherwise, it’s `.error`. You can access the error’s
description from the `.error` value.

## Discussion

HealthKit performs these requests asynchronously when you modify the trigger’s
value. If you call this method with a new data type (a type of data that the
user hasn’t previously granted or denied permission for in this app), the
system automatically displays the authorization sheet when you modify the
trigger’s value. The authorization sheet lists all the requested permissions.
After the user finishes responding, HealthKit calls the completion block on a
background queue. If the user has already chosen to grant or prohibit access
to all of the types specified, HealthKit calls the completion when you modify
the trigger without prompting the user.

Each data type has two separate permissions, one to read it and one to share
it. You can make a single request, and include all the data types your app
needs.

  * Authenticating on launch 
  * Full Swift file 

Customize the messages displayed on the permissions sheet by setting the
following keys:

  * `NSHealthShareUsageDescription` customizes the message for reading data.

  * `NSHealthUpdateUsageDescription` customizes the message for writing data.

Warning

You must set the usage keys, or your app crashes when you request
authorization.

Set these keys in the Target Properties list on the app’s Info tab.

After users set the permissions for your app, they can always change them
using either the Settings or the Health app. Your app appears in the Health
app’s Sources tab, even if the user didn’t allow permission to read or share
data.

## See Also

### Accessing health data

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, objectType: HKObjectType,
predicate: NSPredicate?, trigger: some Equatable, completion: (Result<Bool,
any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Asynchronously requests permission to read a data type that requires per-
object authorization (such as vision prescriptions).

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, readTypes:
Set<HKObjectType>, trigger: some Equatable, completion: (Result<Bool, any
Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Requests permission to read the specified HealthKit data types.

`func workoutPreview(WorkoutPlan, isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Presents a preview of the workout contents as a modal sheet

Instance Method

# workoutPreview(_:isPresented:)

Presents a preview of the workout contents as a modal sheet

WorkoutKit  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+

    
    
    func workoutPreview(
        _ workout: WorkoutPlan,
        isPresented: Binding<Bool>
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`workout`

    

the `WorkoutContainer` the preview displays

`isPresented`

    

a binding to a Boolean value that determines whether to present the preview

## Discussion

## See Also

### Accessing health data

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, objectType: HKObjectType,
predicate: NSPredicate?, trigger: some Equatable, completion: (Result<Bool,
any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Asynchronously requests permission to read a data type that requires per-
object authorization (such as vision prescriptions).

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, readTypes:
Set<HKObjectType>, trigger: some Equatable, completion: (Result<Bool, any
Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Requests permission to read the specified HealthKit data types.

`func healthDataAccessRequest(store: HKHealthStore, shareTypes:
Set<HKSampleType>, readTypes: Set<HKObjectType>?, trigger: some Equatable,
completion: (Result<Bool, any Error>) -> Void) -> some View`

Requests permission to save and read the specified HealthKit data types.

Instance Method

# popoverTip(_:arrowEdge:)

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

tvOS 17.0+

    
    
    func popoverTip<Content>(
        _ tip: Content,
        arrowEdge: Edge = .top
    ) -> some View where Content : Tip
    

## See Also

### Providing tips

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge, action: (Tips.Action) ->
Void) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func tipBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the tip’s view background to a style. Currently this only applies to
inline tips, not popover tips.

`func tipCornerRadius(CGFloat, antialiased: Bool) -> some View`

`func tipImageSize(CGSize) -> some View`

`func tipViewStyle(some TipViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the given style for TipView within the view hierarchy.

Instance Method

# popoverTip(_:arrowEdge:action:)

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.1+  visionOS
1.0+

    
    
    func popoverTip<Content>(
        _ tip: Content,
        arrowEdge: Edge = .top,
        action: @escaping (Tips.Action) -> Void = { _ in }
    ) -> some View where Content : Tip
    

## See Also

### Providing tips

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func tipBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the tip’s view background to a style. Currently this only applies to
inline tips, not popover tips.

`func tipCornerRadius(CGFloat, antialiased: Bool) -> some View`

`func tipImageSize(CGSize) -> some View`

`func tipViewStyle(some TipViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the given style for TipView within the view hierarchy.

Instance Method

# tipBackground(_:)

Sets the tip’s view background to a style. Currently this only applies to
inline tips, not popover tips.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tipBackground(_ style: some ShapeStyle) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`style`

    

An instance of a type that conforms to `ShapeStyle` that SwiftUI draws behind
the modified view.

## Return Value

A view with the specified style drawn behind it.

## See Also

### Providing tips

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge, action: (Tips.Action) ->
Void) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func tipCornerRadius(CGFloat, antialiased: Bool) -> some View`

`func tipImageSize(CGSize) -> some View`

`func tipViewStyle(some TipViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the given style for TipView within the view hierarchy.

Instance Method

# tipCornerRadius(_:antialiased:)

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tipCornerRadius(
        _ cornerRadius: CGFloat,
        antialiased: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Providing tips

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge, action: (Tips.Action) ->
Void) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func tipBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the tip’s view background to a style. Currently this only applies to
inline tips, not popover tips.

`func tipImageSize(CGSize) -> some View`

`func tipViewStyle(some TipViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the given style for TipView within the view hierarchy.

Instance Method

# tipImageSize(_:)

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tipImageSize(_ size: CGSize) -> some View
    

## See Also

### Providing tips

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge, action: (Tips.Action) ->
Void) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func tipBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the tip’s view background to a style. Currently this only applies to
inline tips, not popover tips.

`func tipCornerRadius(CGFloat, antialiased: Bool) -> some View`

`func tipViewStyle(some TipViewStyle) -> some View`

Sets the given style for TipView within the view hierarchy.

Instance Method

# tipViewStyle(_:)

Sets the given style for TipView within the view hierarchy.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tipViewStyle(_ style: some TipViewStyle) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`style`

    

The style to set.

## Return Value

A view that uses the specified style on its child views.

## Discussion

For more information on styling tips, see `TipKit/TipViewStyle`.

## See Also

### Providing tips

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func popoverTip<Content>(Content, arrowEdge: Edge, action: (Tips.Action) ->
Void) -> some View`

Presents a popover tip on the modified view.

`func tipBackground(some ShapeStyle) -> some View`

Sets the tip’s view background to a style. Currently this only applies to
inline tips, not popover tips.

`func tipCornerRadius(CGFloat, antialiased: Bool) -> some View`

`func tipImageSize(CGSize) -> some View`



# ToolbarCustomizationOptions

Type Property

# alwaysAvailable

Configures default customizable toolbar content to always be present in the
toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var alwaysAvailable: ToolbarCustomizationOptions { get }

## Discussion

In iOS, default customizable toolbar content have the option of always being
available in the toolbar regardless of the customization status of the user.
These items will always be in the overflow menu of the toolbar. Users can
customize whether the items are present as controls in the toolbar itself but
will still always be able to access the item if they remove it from the
toolbar itself.

Consider using this for items that users should always be able to access, but
may not be important enough to always occupy space in the toolbar itself.



# TransitionProperties

Initializer

# init(hasMotion:)

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(hasMotion: Bool = true)

## See Also

### Creating the transition properties

`var hasMotion: Bool`

Whether the transition includes motion.

Instance Property

# hasMotion

Whether the transition includes motion.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var hasMotion: Bool

## Discussion

When this behavior is included in a transition, that transition will be
replaced by opacity when Reduce Motion is enabled.

Defaults to `true`.

## See Also

### Creating the transition properties

`init(hasMotion: Bool)`



# TimelineView

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates a new timeline view that uses the given schedule.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ schedule: Schedule,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (TimelineViewDefaultContext) -> Content
    )

Available when `Schedule` conforms to `TimelineSchedule` and `Content`
conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`schedule`

    

A schedule that produces a sequence of dates that indicate the instances when
the view should update. Use a type that conforms to `TimelineSchedule`, like
`everyMinute`, or a custom timeline schedule that you define.

`content`

    

A closure that generates view content at the moments indicated by the
schedule. The closure takes an input of type `TimelineViewDefaultContext` that
includes the date from the schedule that prompted the update, as well as a
`TimelineView.Context.Cadence` value that the view can use to customize its
appearance.

## See Also

### Creating a timeline

`struct Context`

Information passed to a timeline view’s content callback.

Structure

# TimelineView.Context

Information passed to a timeline view’s content callback.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct Context

## Overview

The context includes both the `date` from the schedule that triggered the
callback, and a `cadence` that you can use to customize the appearance of your
view. For example, you might choose to display the second hand of an analog
clock only when the cadence is `TimelineView.Context.Cadence.seconds` or
faster.

## Topics

### Getting the date

`let date: Date`

The date from the schedule that triggered the current view update.

### Getting the cadence

`let cadence: TimelineView<Schedule, Content>.Context.Cadence`

The rate at which the timeline updates the view.

`enum Cadence`

A rate at which timeline views can receive updates.

### Invalidating the context

`func invalidateTimelineContent()`

Resets any pre-rendered views the system has from the timeline.

Available when `Schedule` conforms to `TimelineSchedule`.

## See Also

### Creating a timeline

`init(Schedule, content: (TimelineViewDefaultContext) -> Content)`

Creates a new timeline view that uses the given schedule.

Available when `Schedule` conforms to `TimelineSchedule` and `Content`
conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates a new timeline view that uses the given schedule.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ schedule: Schedule,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (TimelineView<Schedule, Content>.Context) -> Content
    )

Available when `Schedule` conforms to `TimelineSchedule` and `Content`
conforms to `View`.

Deprecated

Use `init(_:content:)` instead. The replacement initializer’s `context`
closure takes a `TimelineViewDefaultContext` as its input rather than a
`TimelineView.Context` to prevent introducing an unnecessary generic parameter
dependency on the context type.

##  Parameters

`schedule`

    

A schedule that produces a sequence of dates that indicate the instances when
the view should update. Use a type that conforms to `TimelineSchedule`, like
`everyMinute`, or a custom timeline schedule that you define.

`content`

    

A closure that generates view content at the moments indicated by the
schedule. The closure takes an input of type `TimelineView.Context` that
includes the date from the schedule that prompted the update, as well as a
`TimelineView.Context.Cadence` value that the view can use to customize its
appearance.



# TimelineView.Context

Instance Property

# date

The date from the schedule that triggered the current view update.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let date: Date

## Discussion

The first time a `TimelineView` closure receives this date, it might be in the
past. For example, if you create an `everyMinute` schedule at `10:09:55`, the
schedule creates entries `10:09:00`, `10:10:00`, `10:11:00`, and so on. In
response, the timeline view performs an initial update immediately, at
`10:09:55`, but the context contains the `10:09:00` date entry. Subsequent
entries arrive at their corresponding times.

Instance Property

# cadence

The rate at which the timeline updates the view.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let cadence: TimelineView<Schedule, Content>.Context.Cadence

## Discussion

Use this value to hide information that updates faster than the view’s current
update rate. For example, you could hide the millisecond component of a
digital timer when the cadence is anything slower than
`TimelineView.Context.Cadence.live`.

Because the `TimelineView.Context.Cadence` enumeration conforms to the
`Comparable` protocol, you can compare cadences with relational operators.
Slower cadences have higher values, so you could perform the check described
above with the following comparison:

## See Also

### Getting the cadence

`enum Cadence`

A rate at which timeline views can receive updates.

Enumeration

# TimelineView.Context.Cadence

A rate at which timeline views can receive updates.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    enum Cadence

## Overview

Use the cadence presented to content in a `TimelineView` to hide information
that updates faster than the view’s current update rate. For example, you
could hide the millisecond component of a digital timer when the cadence is
`TimelineView.Context.Cadence.seconds` or
`TimelineView.Context.Cadence.minutes`.

Because this enumeration conforms to the `Comparable` protocol, you can
compare cadences with relational operators. Slower cadences have higher
values, so you could perform the check described above with the following
comparison:

## Topics

### Getting cadences

`case live`

Updates the view continuously.

`case seconds`

Updates the view approximately once per second.

`case minutes`

Updates the view approximately once per minute.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Comparable`
  * `Equatable`
  * `Hashable`
  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Getting the cadence

`let cadence: TimelineView<Schedule, Content>.Context.Cadence`

The rate at which the timeline updates the view.

Instance Method

# invalidateTimelineContent()

Resets any pre-rendered views the system has from the timeline.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  watchOS 8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func invalidateTimelineContent()

Available when `Schedule` conforms to `TimelineSchedule`.

## Discussion

When entering Always On Display, the system might pre-render frames. If the
content of these frames must change in a way that isn’t reflected by the
schedule or the timeline view’s current bindings — for example, because the
user changes the title of a future calendar event — call this method to
request that the frames be regenerated.



# Toolbars

Instance Method

# toolbar(content:)

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbar<Content>(@ViewBuilder content: () -> Content) -> some View where Content : View
    

##  Parameters

`content`

    

The views representing the content of the toolbar.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to add content to the toolbar. The toolbar modifier expects
a collection of toolbar items that you can provide either by supplying a
collection of views with each view wrapped in a `ToolbarItem`, or by providing
a collection of views as a `ToolbarItemGroup`. The example below adds views to
using a toolbar item group to support text editing features:

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

`struct ToolbarItem`

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemGroup`

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemPlacement`

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

`protocol ToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

`struct ToolbarContentBuilder`

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

Instance Method

# toolbar(content:)

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbar<Content>(@ToolbarContentBuilder content: () -> Content) -> some View where Content : ToolbarContent
    

##  Parameters

`content`

    

The items representing the content of the toolbar.

## Discussion

Use this method to populate a toolbar with a collection of views that you
provide to a toolbar view builder.

The toolbar modifier expects a collection of toolbar items which you can
provide either by supplying a collection of views with each view wrapped in a
`ToolbarItem`, or by providing a collection of views as a `ToolbarItemGroup`.
The example below uses a collection of `ToolbarItem` views to create a macOS
toolbar that supports text editing features:

Although it’s not mandatory, wrapping a related group of toolbar items
together in a `ToolbarItemGroup` provides a one-to-one mapping between
controls and toolbar items which results in the correct layout and spacing on
each platform. For design guidance on toolbars, see Toolbars in the Human
Interface Guidelines.

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

`struct ToolbarItem`

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemGroup`

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemPlacement`

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

`protocol ToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

`struct ToolbarContentBuilder`

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

Structure

# ToolbarItem

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarItem<ID, Content> where Content : View

## Topics

### Creating a toolbar item

`init(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content.

Available when `ID` is `()` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

`init(id: String, placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

`init(id: String, placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, showsByDefault: Bool,
content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `CustomizableToolbarContent`

Conforms when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

  * `Identifiable`
  * `ToolbarContent`

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

`struct ToolbarItemGroup`

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemPlacement`

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

`protocol ToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

`struct ToolbarContentBuilder`

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

Structure

# ToolbarItemGroup

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarItemGroup<Content> where Content : View

## Topics

### Creating a toolbar item group

`init(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item group with a specified placement and content.

`init<C, L>(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> C, label: () ->
L)`

Creates a toolbar item group with the specified placement, content, and a
label describing that content.

Available when `Content` conforms to `View`.

### Supporting types

`struct LabeledToolbarItemGroupContent`

A view that represents the view of a toolbar item group with a specified
label.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `ToolbarContent`

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

`struct ToolbarItem`

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemPlacement`

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

`protocol ToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

`struct ToolbarContentBuilder`

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

Structure

# ToolbarItemPlacement

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarItemPlacement

## Overview

There are two types of placements:

  * Semantic placements, such as `principal` and `navigation`, denote the intent of the item being added. SwiftUI determines the appropriate placement for the item based on this intent and its surrounding context, like the current platform.

  * Positional placements, such as `navigationBarLeading`, denote a precise placement for the item, usually for a particular platform.

In iOS, iPadOS, and macOS, the system uses the space available to the toolbar
when determining how many items to render in the toolbar. If not all items fit
in the available space, an overflow menu may be created and remaining items
placed in that menu.

## Topics

### Getting semantic placement

`static let automatic: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The system places the item automatically, depending on many factors including
the platform, size class, or presence of other items.

`static let principal: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The system places the item in the principal item section.

`static let status: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a change in status for the current context.

### Getting placement for specific actions

`static let primaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a primary action.

`static let secondaryAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a secondary action.

`static let confirmationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a confirmation action for a modal interface.

`static let cancellationAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a cancellation action for a modal interface.

`static let destructiveAction: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a destructive action for a modal interface.

`static let navigation: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item represents a navigation action.

### Getting explicit placement

`static var topBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the top bar.

`static var topBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the top bar.

`static let bottomBar: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the bottom toolbar.

`static let bottomOrnament: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in an ornament under the window.

`static let keyboard: ToolbarItemPlacement`

The item is placed in the keyboard section.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarItemPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

### Deprecated symbols

`init<ID>(id: ID)`

Creates a custom accessory bar item placement.

Deprecated

`static let navigationBarLeading: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the leading edge of the navigation bar.

Deprecated

`static let navigationBarTrailing: ToolbarItemPlacement`

Places the item in the trailing edge of the navigation bar.

Deprecated

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

`struct ToolbarItem`

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemGroup`

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

`protocol ToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

`struct ToolbarContentBuilder`

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

Protocol

# ToolbarContent

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol ToolbarContent

## Topics

### Implementing toolbar content

`var body: Self.Body`

The composition of content that comprise the toolbar content.

**Required**

` associatedtype Body : ToolbarContent`

The type of content representing the body of this toolbar content.

**Required**

## Relationships

### Inherited By

  * `CustomizableToolbarContent`

### Conforming Types

  * `Group`

Conforms when `Content` conforms to `CustomizableToolbarContent`.

  * `ToolbarItem`
  * `ToolbarItemGroup`
  * `ToolbarTitleMenu`

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

`struct ToolbarItem`

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemGroup`

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemPlacement`

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

`struct ToolbarContentBuilder`

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

Structure

# ToolbarContentBuilder

Constructs a toolbar item set from multi-expression closures.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @resultBuilder
    struct ToolbarContentBuilder

## Topics

### Building toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some ToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some ToolbarContent`

### Building customizable toolbar content

`static func buildBlock<Content>(Content) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1>(C0, C1) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2>(C0, C1, C2) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3>(C0, C1, C2, C3) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5) ->
some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5,
C6) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7>(C0, C1, C2, C3, C4,
C5, C6, C7) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8>(C0, C1, C2, C3,
C4, C5, C6, C7, C8) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

`static func buildBlock<C0, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9>(C0, C1, C2,
C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C8, C9) -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

### Building conditional toolbar content

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildIf<Content>(Content?) -> Content?`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(first: TrueContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildEither<TrueContent, FalseContent>(second: FalseContent) ->
_ConditionalContent<TrueContent, FalseContent>`

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildExpression<Content>(Content) -> Content`

Builds an expression within the builder.

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
ToolbarContent`

`static func buildLimitedAvailability<Content>(Content) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

## See Also

### Populating a toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the views you provide.

`func toolbar<Content>(content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items.

`struct ToolbarItem`

A model that represents an item which can be placed in the toolbar or
navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemGroup`

A model that represents a group of `ToolbarItem`s which can be placed in the
toolbar or navigation bar.

`struct ToolbarItemPlacement`

A structure that defines the placement of a toolbar item.

`protocol ToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
toolbar.

Instance Method

# toolbar(id:content:)

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items, allowing for
user customization.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbar<Content>(
        id: String,
        @ToolbarContentBuilder content: () -> Content
    ) -> some View where Content : CustomizableToolbarContent
    

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A unique identifier for this toolbar.

`content`

    

The content representing the content of the toolbar.

## Discussion

Use this modifier when you want to allow the user to customize the components
and layout of elements in the toolbar. The toolbar modifier expects a
collection of toolbar items which you can provide either by supplying a
collection of views with each view wrapped in a `ToolbarItem`.

Note

Customizable toolbars will be displayed on both macOS and iOS, but only apps
running on iPadOS 16.0 and later will support user customization.

The example below creates a view that represents each `ToolbarItem` along with
an ID that uniquely identifies the toolbar item to the customization editor:

Note

Only `secondaryAction` items support customization in iPadOS. Other items
follow the normal placement rules and can’t be customized by the user.

In macOS you can enable menu support for toolbar customization by adding a
`ToolbarCommands` instance to a scene using the `commands(content:)` scene
modifier:

When you add the toolbar commands, the system adds a menu item to your app’s
main menu to provide toolbar customization support. This is in addition to the
ability to Control-click on the toolbar to open the toolbar customization
editor.

## See Also

### Populating a customizable toolbar

`protocol CustomizableToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
customizable toolbar.

`struct ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The customization behavior of customizable toolbar content.

`struct ToolbarCustomizationOptions`

Options that influence the default customization behavior of customizable
toolbar content.

Protocol

# CustomizableToolbarContent

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
customizable toolbar.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol CustomizableToolbarContent : ToolbarContent where Self.Body : CustomizableToolbarContent

## Topics

### Using default options

`func defaultCustomization() -> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Configures customizable toolbar content with the default visibility and
options.

`func defaultCustomization(Visibility, options: ToolbarCustomizationOptions)
-> some CustomizableToolbarContent`

Configures the way customizable toolbar items with the default behavior
behave.

### Customizing the behavior

`func customizationBehavior(ToolbarCustomizationBehavior) -> some
CustomizableToolbarContent`

Configures the customization behavior of customizable toolbar content.

## Relationships

### Inherits From

  * `ToolbarContent`

### Conforming Types

  * `Group`

Conforms when `Content` conforms to `CustomizableToolbarContent`.

  * `ToolbarItem`

Conforms when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

  * `ToolbarTitleMenu`

## See Also

### Populating a customizable toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(id: String, content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items, allowing for
user customization.

`struct ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The customization behavior of customizable toolbar content.

`struct ToolbarCustomizationOptions`

Options that influence the default customization behavior of customizable
toolbar content.

Structure

# ToolbarCustomizationBehavior

The customization behavior of customizable toolbar content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarCustomizationBehavior

## Overview

Customizable toolbar content support different types of customization
behaviors. For example, some customizable content may not be removed by the
user. Some content may be placed in a toolbar that supports customization
overall, but not for that particular content.

Use this type in conjunction with the `customizationBehavior(_:)` modifier.

## Topics

### Getting customization behaviors

`static var `default`: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The default customization behavior.

`static var disabled: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The disabled customization behavior.

`static var reorderable: ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The reorderable customization behavior.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Populating a customizable toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(id: String, content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items, allowing for
user customization.

`protocol CustomizableToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
customizable toolbar.

`struct ToolbarCustomizationOptions`

Options that influence the default customization behavior of customizable
toolbar content.

Structure

# ToolbarCustomizationOptions

Options that influence the default customization behavior of customizable
toolbar content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarCustomizationOptions

## Overview

Use this type in conjunction with the `defaultCustomization(_:options:)`
modifier.

## Topics

### Getting customization options

`static var alwaysAvailable: ToolbarCustomizationOptions`

Configures default customizable toolbar content to always be present in the
toolbar.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Equatable`
  * `ExpressibleByArrayLiteral`
  * `OptionSet`
  * `RawRepresentable`
  * `Sendable`
  * `SetAlgebra`

## See Also

### Populating a customizable toolbar

`func toolbar<Content>(id: String, content: () -> Content) -> some View`

Populates the toolbar or navigation bar with the specified items, allowing for
user customization.

`protocol CustomizableToolbarContent`

Conforming types represent items that can be placed in various locations in a
customizable toolbar.

`struct ToolbarCustomizationBehavior`

The customization behavior of customizable toolbar content.

Instance Method

# toolbar(removing:)

Remove a toolbar item present by default

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbar(removing defaultItemKind: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`defaultItemKind`

    

The kind of default item to remove

## Discussion

Use this modifier to remove toolbar items other `View`s add by default. For
example, to remove the sidebar toggle toolbar item provided by
`NavigationSplitView`:

## See Also

### Removing default items

`struct ToolbarDefaultItemKind`

A kind of toolbar item a `View` adds by default.

Structure

# ToolbarDefaultItemKind

A kind of toolbar item a `View` adds by default.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarDefaultItemKind

## Overview

`View`s can add toolbar items clients may wish to remove or customize. A
default item kind can be passed to the `toolbar(removing:)` modifier to remove
the item. Documentation on the `View` placing the default item should
reference the `ToolbarDefaultItemKind` used to remove the item.

## Topics

### Getting the default item types

`static let sidebarToggle: ToolbarDefaultItemKind`

The sidebar toggle toolbar item a `NavigationSplitView` adds by default.

## See Also

### Removing default items

`func toolbar(removing: ToolbarDefaultItemKind?) -> some View`

Remove a toolbar item present by default

Instance Method

# toolbar(_:for:)

Specifies the visibility of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbar(
        _ visibility: Visibility,
        for bars: ToolbarPlacement...
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`visibility`

    

The preferred visibility of the bar.

`bars`

    

The bars to update the visibility of or `automatic` if empty.

## Discussion

The preferred visibility flows up to the nearest container that renders a bar.
This could be a `NavigationView` or `TabView` in iOS, or the root view of a
`WindowGroup` in macOS.

This examples shows a view that hides the navigation bar.

You can provide multiple `ToolbarPlacement` instances to hide multiple bars at
once.

Note

In macOS, if you provide `ToolbarCommands` to the scene of your app, this
modifier disables the toolbar visibility command while the value of the
modifier is not `automatic`.

Depending on the specified bars, the requested visibility may not be able to
be fullfilled.

## See Also

### Setting toolbar visibility

`struct ToolbarPlacement`

The placement of a toolbar.

Structure

# ToolbarPlacement

The placement of a toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarPlacement

## Overview

Use this type in conjunction with modifiers like `toolbarBackground(_:for:)`
and `toolbar(_:for:)` to customize the appearance of different bars managed by
SwiftUI. Not all bars support all types of customizations.

See `ToolbarItemPlacement` to learn about the different regions of these
toolbars that you can place your own controls into.

## Topics

### Getting placements

`static var automatic: ToolbarPlacement`

The primary toolbar.

`static func accessoryBar<ID>(id: ID) -> ToolbarPlacement`

Creates a unique accessory bar placement.

`static var bottomBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom toolbar of an app.

`static var bottomOrnament: ToolbarPlacement`

The bottom ornament of an app.

`static var navigationBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The navigation bar of an app.

`static var tabBar: ToolbarPlacement`

The tab bar of an app.

`static var windowToolbar: ToolbarPlacement`

The window toolbar of an app.

### Deprecated symbols

`init<ID>(id: ID)`

Creates a custom accessory bar placement.

Deprecated

## See Also

### Setting toolbar visibility

`func toolbar(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the visibility of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

Instance Method

# toolbarRole(_:)

Configures the semantic role for the content populating the toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbarRole(_ role: ToolbarRole) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`role`

    

The role of the toolbar.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to configure the semantic role for content populating your
app’s toolbar. SwiftUI uses this role when rendering the content of your app’s
toolbar.

## See Also

### Specifying the role of toolbar content

`struct ToolbarRole`

The purpose of content that populates the toolbar.

Structure

# ToolbarRole

The purpose of content that populates the toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarRole

## Overview

A toolbar role provides a description of the purpose of content that populates
the toolbar. The purpose of the content influences how a toolbar renders its
content. For example, a `browser` will automatically leading align the title
of a toolbar in iPadOS.

Provide this type to the `toolbarRole(_:)` modifier:

## Topics

### Behavior-specific roles

`static var browser: ToolbarRole`

The browser role.

`static var editor: ToolbarRole`

The editor role.

`static var navigationStack: ToolbarRole`

The navigationStack role.

### Automatic roles

`static var automatic: ToolbarRole`

The automatic role.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Specifying the role of toolbar content

`func toolbarRole(ToolbarRole) -> some View`

Configures the semantic role for the content populating the toolbar.

Instance Method

# toolbarBackground(_:for:)

Specifies the preferred shape style of the background of a bar managed by
SwiftUI.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbarBackground<S>(
        _ style: S,
        for bars: ToolbarPlacement...
    ) -> some View where S : ShapeStyle
    

##  Parameters

`style`

    

The style to display as the background of the bar.

`bars`

    

The bars to use the style for or `automatic` if empty.

## Discussion

The preferred style flows up to the nearest container that renders a bar. This
could be a `NavigationView` or `TabView` in iOS, or the root view of a
`WindowGroup` in macOS. This example shows a view that renders the navigation
bar with a blue background and dark color scheme.

You can provide multiple `ToolbarPlacement` instances to customize multiple
bars at once.

When used within a `TabView`, the specified style will be preferred while the
tab is currently active. You can use a `Group` to specify the same preferred
background for every tab.

Depending on the specified bars, the requested style may not be able to be
fullfilled.

## See Also

### Styling a toolbar

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred visibility of backgrounds on a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred color scheme of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func windowToolbarStyle<S>(S) -> some Scene`

Sets the style for the toolbar defined within this scene.

`protocol WindowToolbarStyle`

A specification for the appearance and behavior of a window’s toolbar.

Instance Method

# toolbarBackground(_:for:)

Specifies the preferred visibility of backgrounds on a bar managed by SwiftUI.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbarBackground(
        _ visibility: Visibility,
        for bars: ToolbarPlacement...
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`visibility`

    

The preferred visibility of the background of the bar.

`bars`

    

The bars to update the color scheme of or `automatic` if empty.

## Discussion

The preferred visibility flows up to the nearest container that renders a bar.
This could be a `NavigationView` or `TabView` in iOS, or the root view of a
`WindowGroup` in macOS.

In iOS, a value of `automatic` makes the visibility of a tab bar or navigation
bar background depend on where a `List` or `ScrollView` settles. For example,
when aligned to the bottom edge of of a scroll view’s content, the background
of a tab bar becomes transparent.

Specify a value of `Visibility.visible` to ensure that the background of a bar
remains visible regardless of where any scroll view or list stops scrolling.

This example shows a view that prefers to always have the tab bar visible when
the middle tab is selected:

You can provide multiple placements to customize multiple bars at once, as in
the following example:

## See Also

### Styling a toolbar

`func toolbarBackground<S>(S, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred shape style of the background of a bar managed by
SwiftUI.

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred color scheme of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func windowToolbarStyle<S>(S) -> some Scene`

Sets the style for the toolbar defined within this scene.

`protocol WindowToolbarStyle`

A specification for the appearance and behavior of a window’s toolbar.

Instance Method

# toolbarColorScheme(_:for:)

Specifies the preferred color scheme of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbarColorScheme(
        _ colorScheme: ColorScheme?,
        for bars: ToolbarPlacement...
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`colorScheme`

    

The preferred color scheme of the background of the bar.

`bars`

    

The bars to update the color scheme of or `automatic` if empty.

## Discussion

The preferred color scheme flows up to the nearest container that renders a
bar. This could be a `NavigationView` or `TabView` in iOS, or the root view of
a `WindowGroup` in macOS. Pass in a value of nil to match the current system’s
color scheme.

This examples shows a view that renders the navigation bar with a blue
background and dark color scheme:

You can provide multiple `ToolbarPlacement` instances to customize multiple
bars at once.

Note that the provided color scheme is only respected while a background is
visible in the requested bar. As the background becomes visible, the bar
transitions from the color scheme of the app to the requested color scheme.
You can ensure that the color scheme is always respected by specifying that
the background of the bar always be visible.

Depending on the specified bars, the requested color scheme may not be able to
be fullfilled.

## See Also

### Styling a toolbar

`func toolbarBackground<S>(S, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred shape style of the background of a bar managed by
SwiftUI.

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred visibility of backgrounds on a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func windowToolbarStyle<S>(S) -> some Scene`

Sets the style for the toolbar defined within this scene.

`protocol WindowToolbarStyle`

A specification for the appearance and behavior of a window’s toolbar.

Instance Method

# windowToolbarStyle(_:)

Sets the style for the toolbar defined within this scene.

macOS 11.0+

    
    
    func windowToolbarStyle<S>(_ style: S) -> some Scene where S : WindowToolbarStyle
    

## See Also

### Styling a toolbar

`func toolbarBackground<S>(S, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred shape style of the background of a bar managed by
SwiftUI.

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred visibility of backgrounds on a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred color scheme of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`protocol WindowToolbarStyle`

A specification for the appearance and behavior of a window’s toolbar.

Protocol

# WindowToolbarStyle

A specification for the appearance and behavior of a window’s toolbar.

macOS 11.0+

    
    
    protocol WindowToolbarStyle

## Topics

### Getting built-in window toolbar styles

`static var automatic: DefaultWindowToolbarStyle`

The automatic window toolbar style.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultWindowToolbarStyle`.

`static var expanded: ExpandedWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style which displays its title bar area above the toolbar.

Available when `Self` is `ExpandedWindowToolbarStyle`.

`static var unified: UnifiedWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style which displays its toolbar and title bar inline.

`static func unified(showsTitle: Bool) -> UnifiedWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style which displays its toolbar and title bar inline.

Available when `Self` is `UnifiedWindowToolbarStyle`.

`static var unifiedCompact: UnifiedCompactWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style similar to `unified`, but with a more compact vertical
sizing.

Available when `Self` is `UnifiedCompactWindowToolbarStyle`.

`static func unifiedCompact(showsTitle: Bool) ->
UnifiedCompactWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style similar to `unified`, but with a more compact vertical
sizing.

Available when `Self` is `UnifiedCompactWindowToolbarStyle`.

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultWindowToolbarStyle`

The default window toolbar style.

`struct ExpandedWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style which displays its title bar area above the toolbar.

`struct UnifiedWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style which displays its toolbar and title bar inline.

`struct UnifiedCompactWindowToolbarStyle`

A window toolbar style similar to `unified`, but with a more compact vertical
sizing.

## Relationships

### Conforming Types

  * `DefaultWindowToolbarStyle`
  * `ExpandedWindowToolbarStyle`
  * `UnifiedCompactWindowToolbarStyle`
  * `UnifiedWindowToolbarStyle`

## See Also

### Styling a toolbar

`func toolbarBackground<S>(S, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred shape style of the background of a bar managed by
SwiftUI.

`func toolbarBackground(Visibility, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred visibility of backgrounds on a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func toolbarColorScheme(ColorScheme?, for: ToolbarPlacement...) -> some View`

Specifies the preferred color scheme of a bar managed by SwiftUI.

`func windowToolbarStyle<S>(S) -> some Scene`

Sets the style for the toolbar defined within this scene.

Instance Method

# toolbarTitleDisplayMode(_:)

Configures the toolbar title display mode for this view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(_ mode: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> some View
    

## Discussion

Use this modifier to override the default toolbar title display mode.

See `ToolbarTitleDisplayMode` for more information on the different kinds of
display modes. This modifier has no effect on macOS.

## See Also

### Configuring the toolbar title display mode

`struct ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

A type that defines the behavior of title of a toolbar.

Structure

# ToolbarTitleDisplayMode

A type that defines the behavior of title of a toolbar.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarTitleDisplayMode

## Overview

Use the `toolbarTitleDisplayMode(_:)` modifier to configure the title display
behavior of your toolbar:

## Topics

### Getting display modes

`static var automatic: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The automatic mode.

`static var inline: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline mode.

`static var inlineLarge: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline large mode.

`static var large: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The large mode.

## See Also

### Configuring the toolbar title display mode

`func toolbarTitleDisplayMode(ToolbarTitleDisplayMode) -> some View`

Configures the toolbar title display mode for this view.

Instance Method

# toolbarTitleMenu(content:)

Configure the title menu of a toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(@ViewBuilder content: () -> C) -> some View where C : View
    

##  Parameters

`content`

    

The content associated to the toolbar title menu.

## Discussion

A title menu represent common functionality that can be done on the content
represented by your app’s toolbar or navigation title. This menu may be
populated from your app’s commands like `saveItem` or `printItem`.

You can provide your own set of actions to override this behavior.

In iOS and iPadOS, this will construct a menu that can be presented by tapping
the navigation title in the app’s navigation bar.

## See Also

### Setting the toolbar title menu

`struct ToolbarTitleMenu`

The title menu of a toolbar.

Structure

# ToolbarTitleMenu

The title menu of a toolbar.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ToolbarTitleMenu<Content> where Content : View

## Overview

A title menu represents common functionality that can be done on the content
represented by your app’s toolbar or navigation title. This menu may be
populated from your app’s commands like `saveItem` or `printItem`.

You can provide your own set of actions to override this behavior.

In iOS and iPadOS, this will construct a menu that can be presented by tapping
the navigation title in the app’s navigation bar.

## Topics

### Creating a toolbar title menu

`init()`

Creates a toolbar title menu where actions are inferred from your apps
commands.

`init(content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar title menu.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `CustomizableToolbarContent`
  * `ToolbarContent`

## See Also

### Setting the toolbar title menu

`func toolbarTitleMenu<C>(content: () -> C) -> some View`

Configure the title menu of a toolbar.

Instance Method

# ornament(visibility:attachmentAnchor:contentAlignment:ornament:)

Presents an ornament.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func ornament<Content>(
        visibility: Visibility = .automatic,
        attachmentAnchor: OrnamentAttachmentAnchor,
        contentAlignment: Alignment = .center,
        @ViewBuilder ornament: () -> Content
    ) -> some View where Content : View
    

##  Parameters

`visibility`

    

The visibility of the ornament.

`attachmentAnchor`

    

The positioning anchor that defines the attachment point of the ornament.

`contentAlignment`

    

The alignment of the ornament with its attachment anchor.

`content`

    

The content of the ornament.

## Discussion

Use this method to show an ornament at the specified position. The example
below displays an ornament below the window:

## See Also

### Creating an ornament

`struct OrnamentAttachmentAnchor`

Structure

# OrnamentAttachmentAnchor

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct OrnamentAttachmentAnchor

## Topics

### Getting an anchor

`static func scene(UnitPoint) -> OrnamentAttachmentAnchor`

The anchor point for the ornament expressed as a unit point relative to the
scene.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Sendable`

## See Also

### Creating an ornament

`func ornament<Content>(visibility: Visibility, attachmentAnchor:
OrnamentAttachmentAnchor, contentAlignment: Alignment, ornament: () ->
Content) -> some View`

Presents an ornament.



# TapGesture

Initializer

# init(count:)

Creates a tap gesture with the number of required taps.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(count: Int = 1)

##  Parameters

`count`

    

The required number of taps to complete the tap gesture.

## See Also

### Creating a tap gesture

`var count: Int`

The required number of tap events.

Instance Property

# count

The required number of tap events.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var count: Int

## See Also

### Creating a tap gesture

`init(count: Int)`

Creates a tap gesture with the number of required taps.



# ToolbarTitleMenu

Initializer

# init()

Creates a toolbar title menu where actions are inferred from your apps
commands.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init() where Content == EmptyView

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar title menu

`init(content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar title menu.

Initializer

# init(content:)

Creates a toolbar title menu.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(@ViewBuilder content: () -> Content)

##  Parameters

`content`

    

The content of the toolbar title menu.

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar title menu

`init()`

Creates a toolbar title menu where actions are inferred from your apps
commands.



# TextEditorStyle

Type Property

# automatic

The default text editor style, based on the text editor’s context.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: AutomaticTextEditorStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `AutomaticTextEditorStyle`.

## Discussion

The default style represents the recommended style based on the current
platform and the text editor’s context within the view hierarchy.

## See Also

### Getting built-in styles

`static var plain: PlainTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with no decoration.

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextEditorStyle`.

`static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with a system-defined rounded border.

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`.

Type Property

# plain

A text editor style with no decoration.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var plain: PlainTextEditorStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextEditorStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in styles

`static var automatic: AutomaticTextEditorStyle`

The default text editor style, based on the text editor’s context.

Available when `Self` is `AutomaticTextEditorStyle`.

`static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with a system-defined rounded border.

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`.

Type Property

# roundedBorder

A text editor style with a system-defined rounded border.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in styles

`static var automatic: AutomaticTextEditorStyle`

The default text editor style, based on the text editor’s context.

Available when `Self` is `AutomaticTextEditorStyle`.

`static var plain: PlainTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with no decoration.

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextEditorStyle`.

Instance Method

# makeBody(configuration:)

Creates a view that represents the body of a text editor.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @ViewBuilder
    func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body

**Required**

##  Parameters

`configuration`

    

The properties of the text editor.

## Discussion

The system calls this method for each `TextEditor` instance in a view
hierarchy where this style is the current text editor style.

## See Also

### Creating custom styles

`typealias Configuration`

The properties of a text editor.

`associatedtype Body : View`

A view that represents the body of a text editor.

**Required**

Type Alias

# TextEditorStyle.Configuration

The properties of a text editor.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    typealias Configuration = TextEditorStyleConfiguration

## See Also

### Creating custom styles

`func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body`

Creates a view that represents the body of a text editor.

**Required**

` associatedtype Body : View`

A view that represents the body of a text editor.

**Required**

Associated Type

# Body

A view that represents the body of a text editor.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Body : View

**Required**

## See Also

### Creating custom styles

`func makeBody(configuration: Self.Configuration) -> Self.Body`

Creates a view that represents the body of a text editor.

**Required**

` typealias Configuration`

The properties of a text editor.

Structure

# AutomaticTextEditorStyle

The default text editor style, based on the text editor’s context.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct AutomaticTextEditorStyle

## Overview

You can also use `automatic` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text editor style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextEditorStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct PlainTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with no decoration.

`struct RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with a system-defined rounded border.

Structure

# PlainTextEditorStyle

A text editor style with no decoration.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct PlainTextEditorStyle

## Overview

You can also use `plain` to create this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text editor style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextEditorStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AutomaticTextEditorStyle`

The default text editor style, based on the text editor’s context.

`struct RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with a system-defined rounded border.

Structure

# RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle

A text editor style with a system-defined rounded border.

visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct RoundedBorderTextEditorStyle

## Overview

You can also use `roundedBorder` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text editor style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextEditorStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct AutomaticTextEditorStyle`

The default text editor style, based on the text editor’s context.

`struct PlainTextEditorStyle`

A text editor style with no decoration.



# TouchBar

Initializer

# init(content:)

Creates a non-customizable Touch Bar view container.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    init(@ViewBuilder content: () -> Content)

## See Also

### Creating a Touch Bar view

`init(id: String, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a customizable Touch Bar view container with a globally unique
identifier.

Initializer

# init(id:content:)

Creates a customizable Touch Bar view container with a globally unique
identifier.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    init(
        id: String,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> Content
    )

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A globally unique identifier for this Touch Bar.

`content`

    

A collection of views to be displayed by the Touch Bar.

## Discussion

Be sure that each view in `content` has an explicit `touchBarItemPresence`
value with customization identifier.

## See Also

### Creating a Touch Bar view

`init(content: () -> Content)`

Creates a non-customizable Touch Bar view container.



# Text and symbol modifiers

Instance Method

# font(_:)

Sets the default font for text in this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func font(_ font: Font?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`font`

    

The default font to use in this view.

## Return Value

A view with the default font set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

Use `font(_:)` to apply a specific font to all of the text in a view.

The example below shows the effects of applying fonts to individual views and
to view hierarchies. Font information flows down the view hierarchy as part of
the environment, and remains in effect unless overridden at the level of an
individual view or view container.

Here, the outermost `VStack` applies a 16-point system font as a default font
to views contained in that `VStack`. Inside that stack, the example applies a
`largeTitle` font to just the first text view; this explicitly overrides the
default. The remaining stack and the views contained with it continue to use
the 16-point system font set by their containing view:

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# dynamicTypeSize(_:)

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func dynamicTypeSize(_ size: DynamicTypeSize) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`size`

    

The size to set for this view.

## Return Value

A view that sets the Dynamic Type size to the specified `size`.

## Discussion

As an example, you can set a Dynamic Type size in `ContentView` to be
`DynamicTypeSize.xLarge` (this can be useful in previews to see your content
at a different size) like this:

If a Dynamic Type size range is applied after setting a value, the value is
limited by that range:

When limiting the Dynamic Type size, consider if adding a large content view
with `accessibilityShowsLargeContentViewer()` would be appropriate.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Instance Method

# dynamicTypeSize(_:)

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func dynamicTypeSize<T>(_ range: T) -> some View where T : RangeExpression, T.Bound == DynamicTypeSize
    

##  Parameters

`range`

    

The range of sizes that are allowed in this view.

## Return Value

A view that constrains the Dynamic Type size of this view within the specified
`range`.

## Discussion

As an example, you can constrain the maximum Dynamic Type size in
`ContentView` to be no larger than `DynamicTypeSize.large`:

If the Dynamic Type size is limited to multiple ranges, the result is their
intersection:

A specific Dynamic Type size can still be set after a range is applied:

When limiting the Dynamic Type size, consider if adding a large content view
with `accessibilityShowsLargeContentViewer()` would be appropriate.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func textScale(Text.Scale, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Instance Method

# bold(_:)

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func bold(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether bold font styling is added. The default
value is `true`.

## Return Value

A view with bold text.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# fontDesign(_:)

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

iOS 16.1+  iPadOS 16.1+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.1+  tvOS 16.1+  watchOS
9.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontDesign(_ design: Font.Design?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`design`

    

One of the available font designs. Providing `nil` removes the effect of any
font design modifier applied higher in the view hierarchy.

## Return Value

A view that uses the font design you specify.

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# fontWeight(_:)

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontWeight(_ weight: Font.Weight?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`weight`

    

One of the available font weights. Providing `nil` removes the effect of any
font weight modifier applied higher in the view hierarchy.

## Return Value

A view that uses the font weight you specify.

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWidth(Font.Width?) -> some View`

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# fontWidth(_:)

Sets the font width of the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fontWidth(_ width: Font.Width?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`width`

    

One of the available font widths. Providing `nil` removes the effect of any
font width modifier applied higher in the view hierarchy.

## Return Value

A view that uses the font width you specify.

## See Also

### Setting a font

Applying custom fonts to text

Add and use a font in your app that scales with Dynamic Type.

`func font(Font?) -> some View`

Sets the default font for text in this view.

`func fontDesign(Font.Design?) -> some View`

Sets the font design of the text in this view.

`func fontWeight(Font.Weight?) -> some View`

Sets the font weight of the text in this view.

`var font: Font?`

The default font of this environment.

`struct Font`

An environment-dependent font.

Instance Method

# italic(_:)

Applies italics to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func italic(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether italic styling is added. The default
value is `true`.

## Return Value

A View with italic text.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# monospaced(_:)

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func monospaced(_ isActive: Bool = true) -> some View
    

## Return Value

A view whose child views’ fonts use fixed-width characters, while leaving
other characters proportionally spaced.

## Discussion

If a child view’s base font doesn’t support fixed-width, the font remains
unchanged.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# monospacedDigit()

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func monospacedDigit() -> some View
    

## Return Value

A view whose child views’ fonts use fixed-width numeric characters, while
leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

## Discussion

Using fixed-width digits allows you to easily align numbers of the same size
in a table-like arrangement. This feature is also known as “tabular figures”
or “tabular numbers.”

This modifier only affects numeric characters, and leaves all other characters
unchanged.

The following example shows the effect of `monospacedDigit()` on multiple
child views. The example consists of two `VStack` views inside an `HStack`.
Each `VStack` contains two `Button` views, with the second `VStack` applying
the `monospacedDigit()` modifier to its contents. As a result, the digits in
the buttons in the trailing `VStack` are the same width, which in turn gives
the buttons equal widths.

If a child view’s base font doesn’t support fixed-width digits, the font
remains unchanged.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

Instance Method

# strikethrough(_:pattern:color:)

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func strikethrough(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern = .solid,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether strikethrough is added. The default
value is `true`.

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line. The default value is `solid`.

`color`

    

The color of the strikethrough. If `color` is `nil`, the strikethrough uses
the default foreground color.

## Return Value

A view where text has a line through its center.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# textCase(_:)

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textCase(_ textCase: Text.Case?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textCase`

    

One of the `Text.Case` enumerations; the default is `nil`.

## Return Value

A view that transforms the case of the text.

## Discussion

The default value is `nil`, displaying the text without any case changes.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func underline(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) -> some
View`

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# textScale(_:isEnabled:)

Applies a text scale to text in the view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textScale(
        _ scale: Text.Scale,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`scale`

    

The text scale to apply.

`isEnabled`

    

If true the text scale is applied; otherwise text scale is unchanged.

## Return Value

A view with the specified text scale applied.

## See Also

### Adjusting text size

`func dynamicTypeSize<T>(T) -> some View`

Limits the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given range.

`func dynamicTypeSize(DynamicTypeSize) -> some View`

Sets the Dynamic Type size within the view to the given value.

`var dynamicTypeSize: DynamicTypeSize`

The current Dynamic Type size.

`enum DynamicTypeSize`

A Dynamic Type size, which specifies how large scalable content should be.

`struct ScaledMetric`

A dynamic property that scales a numeric value.

Instance Method

# underline(_:pattern:color:)

Applies an underline to the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func underline(
        _ isActive: Bool = true,
        pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern = .solid,
        color: Color? = nil
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isActive`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether underline is added. The default value
is `true`.

`pattern`

    

The pattern of the line. The default value is `solid`.

`color`

    

The color of the underline. If `color` is `nil`, the underline uses the
default foreground color.

## Return Value

A view where text has a line running along its baseline.

## See Also

### Controlling text style

`func bold(Bool) -> some View`

Applies a bold font weight to the text in this view.

`func italic(Bool) -> some View`

Applies italics to the text in this view.

`func strikethrough(Bool, pattern: Text.LineStyle.Pattern, color: Color?) ->
some View`

Applies a strikethrough to the text in this view.

`func textCase(Text.Case?) -> some View`

Sets a transform for the case of the text contained in this view when
displayed.

`var textCase: Text.Case?`

A stylistic override to transform the case of `Text` when displayed, using the
environment’s locale.

`func monospaced(Bool) -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use the fixed-width variant of the
current font, if possible.

`func monospacedDigit() -> some View`

Modifies the fonts of all child views to use fixed-width digits, if possible,
while leaving other characters proportionally spaced.

Instance Method

# allowsTightening(_:)

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func allowsTightening(_ flag: Bool) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`flag`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether the space between characters compresses
when necessary.

## Return Value

A view that can compress the space between characters when necessary to fit
text in a line.

## Discussion

Use `allowsTightening(_:)` to enable the compression of inter-character
spacing of text in a view to try to fit the text in the view’s bounds.

In the example below, two identically configured text views show the effects
of `allowsTightening(_:)` on the compression of the spacing between
characters:

## See Also

### Controlling hit testing

`func contentShape<S>(S, eoFill: Bool) -> some View`

Defines the content shape for hit testing.

`func contentShape<S>(ContentShapeKinds, S, eoFill: Bool) -> some View`

Sets the content shape for this view.

`struct ContentShapeKinds`

A kind for the content shape of a view.

Instance Method

# baselineOffset(_:)

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func baselineOffset(_ baselineOffset: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`baselineOffset`

    

The amount to shift the text vertically (up or down) relative to its baseline.

## Return Value

A view where text is above or below its baseline.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(_:)

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(_ enabled: Bool) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`enabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether this view should have its content
flipped horizontally when the layout direction is right-to-left. By default,
views will adjust their layouts automatically in a right-to-left context and
do not need to be mirrored.

## Return Value

A view that conditionally mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

## Discussion

Use `flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(_:)` when you need the system to
horizontally mirror the contents of the view when presented in a right-to-left
layout.

To override the layout direction for a specific view, use the
`environment(_:_:)` view modifier to explicitly override the `layoutDirection`
environment value for the view.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# kerning(_:)

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func kerning(_ kerning: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`kerning`

    

The spacing to use between individual characters in text. Value of `0` sets
the kerning to the system default value.

## Return Value

A view where text has the specified amount of kerning.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# minimumScaleFactor(_:)

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func minimumScaleFactor(_ factor: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`factor`

    

A fraction between 0 and 1 (inclusive) you use to specify the minimum amount
of text scaling that this view permits.

## Return Value

A view that limits the amount of text downscaling.

## Discussion

Use the `minimumScaleFactor(_:)` modifier if the text you place in a view
doesn’t fit and it’s okay if the text shrinks to accommodate. For example, a
label with a minimum scale factor of `0.5` draws its text in a font size as
small as half of the actual font if needed.

In the example below, the `HStack` contains a `Text` label with a line limit
of `1`, that is next to a `TextField`. To allow the label to fit into the
available space, the `minimumScaleFactor(_:)` modifier shrinks the text as
needed to fit into the available space.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# tracking(_:)

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func tracking(_ tracking: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`tracking`

    

The amount of additional space, in points, that the view should add to each
character cluster after layout. Value of `0` sets the tracking to the system
default value.

## Return Value

A view where text has the specified amount of tracking.

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`func truncationMode(Text.TruncationMode) -> some View`

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# truncationMode(_:)

Sets the truncation mode for lines of text that are too long to fit in the
available space.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func truncationMode(_ mode: Text.TruncationMode) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`mode`

    

The truncation mode that specifies where to truncate the text within the text
view, if needed. You can truncate at the beginning, middle, or end of the text
view.

## Return Value

A view that truncates text at different points in a line depending on the mode
you select.

## Discussion

Use the `truncationMode(_:)` modifier to determine whether text in a long line
is truncated at the beginning, middle, or end. Truncation is indicated by
adding an ellipsis (…) to the line when removing text to indicate to readers
that text is missing.

In the example below, the bounds of text view constrains the amount of text
that the view displays and the `truncationMode(_:)` specifies from which
direction and where to display the truncation indicator:

## See Also

### Managing text layout

`var truncationMode: Text.TruncationMode`

A value that indicates how the layout truncates the last line of text to fit
into the available space.

`func allowsTightening(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether text in this view can compress the space between characters when
necessary to fit text in a line.

`var allowsTightening: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether inter-character spacing should tighten
to fit the text into the available space.

`func minimumScaleFactor(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the minimum amount that text in this view scales down to fit in the
available space.

`var minimumScaleFactor: CGFloat`

The minimum permissible proportion to shrink the font size to fit the text
into the available space.

`func baselineOffset(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the vertical offset for the text relative to its baseline in this view.

`func kerning(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the spacing, or kerning, between characters for the text in this view.

`func tracking(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the tracking for the text in this view.

`func flipsForRightToLeftLayoutDirection(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether this view mirrors its contents horizontally when the layout
direction is right-to-left.

`enum TextAlignment`

An alignment position for text along the horizontal axis.

Instance Method

# typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)

Specifies the language for typesetting.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typesettingLanguage(
        _ language: Locale.Language,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The explicit language to use for typesetting.

`isEnabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text langauge is added

## Return Value

A view with the typesetting language set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

In some cases `Text` may contain text of a particular language which doesn’t
match the device UI language. In that case it’s useful to specify a language
so line height, line breaking and spacing will respect the script used for
that language. For example:

Note: this language does not affect text localization.

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(TypesettingLanguage, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Instance Method

# typesettingLanguage(_:isEnabled:)

Specifies the language for typesetting.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func typesettingLanguage(
        _ language: TypesettingLanguage,
        isEnabled: Bool = true
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The language to use for typesetting.

`isEnabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text language is added

## Return Value

A view with the typesetting language set to the value you supply.

## Discussion

In some cases `Text` may contain text of a particular language which doesn’t
match the device UI language. In that case it’s useful to specify a language
so line height, line breaking and spacing will respect the script used for
that language. For example:

Note: this language does not affect text localized localization.

## See Also

### Localizing text

Preparing views for localization

Specify hints and add strings to localize your SwiftUI views.

`struct LocalizedStringKey`

The key used to look up an entry in a strings file or strings dictionary file.

`var locale: Locale`

The current locale that views should use.

`func typesettingLanguage(Locale.Language, isEnabled: Bool) -> some View`

Specifies the language for typesetting.

`struct TypesettingLanguage`

Defines how typesetting language is determined for text.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ number: Int?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`number`

    

The line limit. If `nil`, no line limit applies.

## Return Value

A view that limits the number of lines that `Text` instances display.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to cap the number of lines that an individual text element
can display.

The line limit applies to all `Text` instances within a hierarchy. For
example, an `HStack` with multiple pieces of text longer than three lines caps
each piece of text to three lines rather than capping the total number of
lines across the `HStack`.

In the example below, the modifier limits the very long line in the `Text`
element to the 2 lines that fit within the view’s bounds:

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ limit: PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a partial range of lines that a `Text` view or a
vertical `TextField` can occupy. When the text of such views occupies less
space than the provided limit, that view expands to occupy the minimum number
of lines.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ limit: PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a partial range of lines that a `Text` view or a
vertical `TextField` can occupy. When the text of such views occupies more
space than the provided limit, a `Text` view truncates its content while a
`TextField` becomes scrollable.

Note

This modifier is equivalent to the `lineLimit(_:)` modifier taking just an
integer.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:)

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(_ limit: ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a closed range of lines that a `Text` view or a
vertical `TextField` can occupy. When the text of such views occupies more
space than the provided limit, a `Text` view truncates its content while a
`TextField` becomes scrollable.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(Int, reservesSpace: Bool) -> some View`

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineLimit(_:reservesSpace:)

Sets a limit for the number of lines text can occupy in this view.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineLimit(
        _ limit: Int,
        reservesSpace: Bool
    ) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`limit`

    

The line limit.

`reservesSpace`

    

Whether text reserves space so that it always occupies the height required to
display the specified number of lines.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to specify a limit to the lines that a `Text` or a vertical
`TextField` may occupy. If passed a value of true for the `reservesSpace`
parameter, and the text of such views occupies less space than the provided
limit, that view expands to occupy the minimum number of lines. When the text
occupies more space than the provided limit, a `Text` view truncates its
content while a `TextField` becomes scrollable.

## See Also

### Limiting line count for multiline text

`func lineLimit(Int?) -> some View`

Sets the maximum number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeFrom<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(PartialRangeThrough<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a partial range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`func lineLimit(ClosedRange<Int>) -> some View`

Sets to a closed range the number of lines that text can occupy in this view.

`var lineLimit: Int?`

The maximum number of lines that text can occupy in a view.

Instance Method

# lineSpacing(_:)

Sets the amount of space between lines of text in this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func lineSpacing(_ lineSpacing: CGFloat) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`lineSpacing`

    

The amount of space between the bottom of one line and the top of the next
line in points.

## Discussion

Use `lineSpacing(_:)` to set the amount of spacing from the bottom of one line
to the top of the next for text elements in the view.

In the `Text` view in the example below, 10 points separate the bottom of one
line to the top of the next as the text field wraps inside this view. Applying
`lineSpacing(_:)` to a view hierarchy applies the line spacing to all text
elements contained in the view.

## See Also

### Formatting multiline text

`var lineSpacing: CGFloat`

The distance in points between the bottom of one line fragment and the top of
the next.

`func multilineTextAlignment(TextAlignment) -> some View`

Sets the alignment of a text view that contains multiple lines of text.

`var multilineTextAlignment: TextAlignment`

An environment value that indicates how a text view aligns its lines when the
content wraps or contains newlines.

Instance Method

# multilineTextAlignment(_:)

Sets the alignment of a text view that contains multiple lines of text.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func multilineTextAlignment(_ alignment: TextAlignment) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`alignment`

    

A value that you use to align multiple lines of text within a view.

## Return Value

A view that aligns the lines of multiline `Text` instances it contains.

## Discussion

Use this modifier to set an alignment for a multiline block of text. For
example, the modifier centers the contents of the following `Text` view:

The text in the above example spans more than one line because:

  * The newline character introduces a line break.

  * The frame modifier limits the space available to the text view, and by default a text view wraps lines that don’t fit in the available width. As a result, the text before the explicit line break wraps to three lines, and the text after uses two lines.

The modifier applies the alignment to the all the lines of text in the view,
regardless of why wrapping occurs:

The modifier has no effect on a `Text` view that contains only one line of
text, because a text view has a width that exactly matches the width of its
widest line. If you want to align an entire text view rather than its
contents, set the aligment of its container, like a `VStack` or a frame that
you create with the
`frame(minWidth:idealWidth:maxWidth:minHeight:idealHeight:maxHeight:alignment:)`
modifier.

Note

You can use this modifier to control the alignment of a `Text` view that you
create with the `init(_:style:)` initializer to display localized dates and
times, including when the view uses only a single line, but only when that
view appears in a widget.

The modifier also affects the content alignment of other text container types,
like `TextEditor` and `TextField`. In those cases, the modifier sets the
alignment even when the view contains only a single line because view’s width
isn’t dictated by the width of the text it contains.

The modifier operates by setting the `multilineTextAlignment` value in the
environment, so it affects all the text containers in the modified view
hierarchy. For example, you can apply the modifier to a `VStack` to configure
all the text views inside the stack.

## See Also

### Formatting multiline text

`func lineSpacing(CGFloat) -> some View`

Sets the amount of space between lines of text in this view.

`var lineSpacing: CGFloat`

The distance in points between the bottom of one line fragment and the top of
the next.

`var multilineTextAlignment: TextAlignment`

An environment value that indicates how a text view aligns its lines when the
content wraps or contains newlines.

Instance Method

# textSelection(_:)

Controls whether people can select text within this view.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textSelection<S>(_ selectability: S) -> some View where S : TextSelectability
    

## Discussion

People sometimes need to copy useful information from `Text` views — including
error messages, serial numbers, or IP addresses — so they can then paste the
text into another context. Enable text selection to let people select text in
a platform-appropriate way.

You can apply this method to an individual text view, or to a container to
make each contained text view selectable. In the following example, the person
using the app can select text that shows the date of an event or the name or
email of any of the event participants:

On macOS, people use the mouse or trackpad to select a range of text, which
they can quickly copy by choosing Edit > Copy, or with the standard keyboard
shortcut.

On iOS, the person using the app touches and holds on a selectable `Text`
view, which brings up a system menu with menu items appropriate for the
current context. These menu items operate on the entire contents of the `Text`
view; the person can’t select a range of text like they can on macOS.

Note

`Button` views don’t support text selection.

## See Also

### Selecting text

`protocol TextSelectability`

A type that describes the ability to select text.

Instance Method

# autocorrectionDisabled(_:)

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func autocorrectionDisabled(_ disable: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`disable`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether autocorrection is disabled for this
view. The default value is `true`.

## Discussion

Use this method when the effect of autocorrection would make it more difficult
for the user to input information. The entry of proper names and street
addresses are examples where autocorrection can negatively affect the user’s
ability complete a data entry task.

The example below configures a `TextField` with the default keyboard.
Disabling autocorrection allows the user to enter arbitrary text without the
autocorrection system offering suggestions or attempting to override their
input.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# keyboardType(_:)

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func keyboardType(_ type: UIKeyboardType) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`type`

    

One of the keyboard types defined in the `UIKeyboardType` enumeration.

## Discussion

Use `keyboardType(_:)` to specify the keyboard type to use for text entry. A
number of different keyboard types are available to meet specialized input
needs, such as entering email addresses or phone numbers.

The example below presents a `TextField` to input an email address. Setting
the text field’s keyboard type to `.emailAddress` ensures the user can only
enter correctly formatted email addresses.

There are several different kinds of specialized keyboard types available
though the `UIKeyboardType` enumeration. To specify the default system
keyboard type, use `.default`.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# scrollDismissesKeyboard(_:)

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+

    
    
    func scrollDismissesKeyboard(_ mode: ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`mode`

    

The keyboard dismissal mode that scrollable content uses.

## Return Value

A view that uses the specified keyboard dismissal mode.

## Discussion

You use this modifier to customize how scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard. For example, you can specify a value of `immediately` to
indicate that you would like scrollable content to immediately dismiss the
keyboard if present when a scroll drag gesture begins.

You can also use this modifier to customize the keyboard dismissal behavior
for other kinds of scrollable views, like a `List` or a `TextEditor`.

By default, a `TextEditor` is interactive while other kinds of scrollable
content always dismiss the keyboard on a scroll when linked against iOS 16 or
later. Pass a value of `never` to indicate that scrollable content should
never automatically dismiss the keyboard.

## See Also

### Interacting with a software keyboard

`var scrollDismissesKeyboardMode: ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode`

The way that scrollable content interacts with the software keyboard.

`struct ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode`

The ways that scrollable content can interact with the software keyboard.

Instance Method

# textInputAutocapitalization(_:)

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS 8.0+
visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textInputAutocapitalization(_ autocapitalization: TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`autocapitalization`

    

One of the capitalizing behaviors defined in the `TextInputAutocapitalization`
struct or nil.

## Discussion

Use `textInputAutocapitalization(_:)` when you need to automatically
capitalize words, sentences, or other text like proper nouns.

In example below, as the user enters text the shift key is automatically
enabled before every word:

The `TextInputAutocapitalization` struct defines the available
autocapitalizing behavior. Providing `nil` to this view modifier does not
change the autocapitalization behavior. The default is
`TextInputAutocapitalization.sentences`.

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# textContentType(_:)

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func textContentType(_ textContentType: UITextContentType?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textContentType`

    

One of the content types available in the `UITextContentType` structure that
identify the semantic meaning expected for a text-entry area. These include
support for email addresses, location names, URLs, and telephone numbers, to
name just a few.

## Discussion

Use this method to set the content type for input text. For example, you can
configure a `TextField` for the entry of email addresses:

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# textContentType(_:)

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

macOS 11.0+

    
    
    func textContentType(_ textContentType: NSTextContentType?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textContentType`

    

One of the content types available in the `NSTextContentType` structure that
identify the semantic meaning expected for a text-entry area.

## Discussion

Use this method to set the content type for input text. For example, you can
configure a `TextField` for the entry of a username:

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(WKTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# textContentType(_:)

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on a watchOS device.

watchOS 6.0+

    
    
    func textContentType(_ textContentType: WKTextContentType?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`textContentType`

    

One of the content types available in the `WKTextContentType` structure that
identify the semantic meaning expected for a text-entry area. These include
support for email addresses, location names, URLs, and telephone numbers, to
name just a few.

## Discussion

Use this method to set the content type for input text. For example, you can
configure a `TextField` for the entry of email addresses:

## See Also

### Managing text entry

`func autocorrectionDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Sets whether to disable autocorrection for this view.

`var autocorrectionDisabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the view hierarchy has auto-correction
enabled.

`func keyboardType(UIKeyboardType) -> some View`

Sets the keyboard type for this view.

`func scrollDismissesKeyboard(ScrollDismissesKeyboardMode) -> some View`

Configures the behavior in which scrollable content interacts with the
software keyboard.

`func textContentType(UITextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on an iOS or tvOS device.

`func textContentType(NSTextContentType?) -> some View`

Sets the text content type for this view, which the system uses to offer
suggestions while the user enters text on macOS.

`func textInputAutocapitalization(TextInputAutocapitalization?) -> some View`

Sets how often the shift key in the keyboard is automatically enabled.

`struct TextInputAutocapitalization`

The kind of autocapitalization behavior applied during text input.

Instance Method

# findNavigator(isPresented:)

Programmatically presents the find and replace interface for text editor
views.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func findNavigator(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isPresented`

    

A binding to a Boolean value that controls the presentation of the find and
replace interface.

## Return Value

A view that presents the find and replace interface when `isPresented` is
`true`.

## Discussion

Add this modifier to a `TextEditor`, or to a view hierarchy that contains at
least one text editor, to control the presentation of the find and replace
interface. When you set the `isPresented` binding to `true`, the system shows
the interface, and when you set it to `false`, the system hides the interface.
The following example shows and hides the interface based on the state of a
toolbar button:

The find and replace interface allows people to search for instances of a
specified string in the text editor, and optionally to replace instances of
the search string with another string. They can also show and hide the
interface using built-in controls, like menus and keyboard shortcuts. SwiftUI
updates `isPresented` to reflect the users’s actions.

If the text editor view isn’t currently in focus, the system still presents
the find and replace interface when you set `isPresented` to `true`. If the
view hierarchy contains multiple editors, the one that shows the find and
replace interface is nondeterministic.

You can disable the find and replace interface for a text editor by applying
the `findDisabled(_:)` modifier to the editor. If you do that, setting this
modifier’s `isPresented` binding to `true` has no effect, but only if the
disabling modifier appears closer to the text editor, like this:

## See Also

### Searching for text in a view with find and replace

`func findDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Prevents find and replace operations in a text editor.

`func replaceDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Prevents replace operations in a text editor.

Instance Method

# findDisabled(_:)

Prevents find and replace operations in a text editor.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func findDisabled(_ isDisabled: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isDisabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether to disable the find and replace
interface for a text editor.

## Return Value

A view that disables the find and replace interface.

## Discussion

Add this modifier to ensure that people can’t activate the find and replace
interface for a `TextEditor`:

When you disable the find operation, you also implicitly disable the replace
operation. If you want to only disable replace, use `replaceDisabled(_:)`
instead.

Using this modifer also prevents programmatic find and replace interface
presentation using the `findNavigator(isPresented:)` method. Be sure to place
the disabling modifier closer to the text editor for this to work:

If you apply this modifer at multiple levels of a view hierarchy, the call
closest to the text editor takes precedence. For example, people can activate
find and replace for the first text editor in the following example, but not
the second:

## See Also

### Searching for text in a view with find and replace

`func findNavigator(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Programmatically presents the find and replace interface for text editor
views.

`func replaceDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Prevents replace operations in a text editor.

Instance Method

# replaceDisabled(_:)

Prevents replace operations in a text editor.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func replaceDisabled(_ isDisabled: Bool = true) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`isDisabled`

    

A Boolean value that indicates whether text replacement in the find and
replace interface is disabled.

## Return Value

A view that disables the replace feature of a find and replace interface.

## Discussion

Add this modifier to ensure that people can’t activate the replace feature of
a find and replace interface for a `TextEditor`:

If you want to disable both find and replace, use the `findDisabled(_:)`
modifier instead.

Using this modifer also disables the replace feature of a find and replace
interface that you present programmatically using the
`findNavigator(isPresented:)` method. Be sure to place the disabling modifier
closer to the text editor for this to work:

If you apply this modifer at multiple levels of a view hierarchy, the call
closest to the text editor takes precedence. For example, people can activate
find and replace for the first text editor in the following example, but only
find for the second:

## See Also

### Searching for text in a view with find and replace

`func findNavigator(isPresented: Binding<Bool>) -> some View`

Programmatically presents the find and replace interface for text editor
views.

`func findDisabled(Bool) -> some View`

Prevents find and replace operations in a text editor.

Instance Method

# symbolRenderingMode(_:)

Sets the rendering mode for symbol images within this view.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func symbolRenderingMode(_ mode: SymbolRenderingMode?) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`mode`

    

The symbol rendering mode to use.

## Return Value

A view that uses the rendering mode you supply.

## See Also

### Setting symbol rendering modes

`var symbolRenderingMode: SymbolRenderingMode?`

The current symbol rendering mode, or `nil` denoting that the mode is picked
automatically using the current image and foreground style as parameters.

`struct SymbolRenderingMode`

A symbol rendering mode.

Instance Method

# symbolVariant(_:)

Makes symbols within the view show a particular variant.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func symbolVariant(_ variant: SymbolVariants) -> some View
    

##  Parameters

`variant`

    

The variant to use for symbols. Use the values in `SymbolVariants`.

## Return Value

A view that applies the specified symbol variant or variants to itself and its
child views.

## Discussion

When you want all the SF Symbols in a part of your app’s user interface to use
the same variant, use the `symbolVariant(_:)` modifier with a `SymbolVariants`
value, like `fill`:

A symbol that doesn’t have the specified variant remains unaffected. In the
example above, the `list.bullet` symbol doesn’t have a filled variant, so the
`symbolVariant(_:)` modifer has no effect.

If you apply the modifier more than once, its effects accumulate.
Alternatively, you can apply multiple variants in one call:

All of the labels in the code above produce the same output:

You can apply all these variants in any order, but if you apply more than one
shape variant, the one closest to the symbol takes precedence. For example,
the following image uses the `square` shape:

To cause a symbol to ignore the variants currently in the environment,
directly set the `symbolVariants` environment value to `none` using the
`environment(_:_:)` modifer.

## See Also

### Setting a symbol variant

`var symbolVariants: SymbolVariants`

The symbol variant to use in this environment.

`struct SymbolVariants`

A variant of a symbol.



# Toggle

Initializer

# init(isOn:label:)

Creates a toggle that displays a custom label.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        isOn: Binding<Bool>,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    )

##  Parameters

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that determines whether the toggle is on or off.

`label`

    

A view that describes the purpose of the toggle.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle

`init(LocalizedStringKey, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:isOn:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        isOn: Binding<Bool>
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that indicates whether the toggle is on or off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

To initialize a toggle with a string variable, use `init(_:isOn:)` instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle

`init(isOn: Binding<Bool>, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a toggle that displays a custom label.

`init<S>(S, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:isOn:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        isOn: Binding<Bool>
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that indicates whether the toggle is on or off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

To initialize a toggle with a localized string key, use `init(_:isOn:)`
instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle

`init(isOn: Binding<Bool>, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a toggle that displays a custom label.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(sources:isOn:label:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values with a custom label.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<C>(
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    ) where C : RandomAccessCollection

##  Parameters

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

`label`

    

A view that describes the purpose of the toggle.

## Discussion

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle for a collection

`init<S, C>(S, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:sources:isOn:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, C>(
        _ title: S,
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>
    ) where S : StringProtocol, C : RandomAccessCollection

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle for a collection

`init<C>(sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values with a custom label.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:sources:isOn:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<C>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>
    ) where C : RandomAccessCollection

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle for a collection

`init<C>(sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>, label: () ->
Label)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values with a custom label.

`init<S, C>(S, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:image:isOn:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
image resource.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        image: ImageResource,
        isOn: Binding<Bool>
    )

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`image`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that indicates whether the toggle is on or off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

To initialize a toggle with a string variable, use `init(_:isOn:)` instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an image resource label

`init<S>(S, image: ImageResource, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource, sources: C, isOn:
KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S, C>(S, image: ImageResource, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:image:isOn:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and image resource.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        image: ImageResource,
        isOn: Binding<Bool>
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`image`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that indicates whether the toggle is on or off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

To initialize a toggle with a localized string key, use `init(_:isOn:)`
instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an image resource label

`init(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource, sources: C, isOn:
KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S, C>(S, image: ImageResource, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:image:sources:isOn:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and image resource.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<C>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        image: ImageResource,
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>
    ) where C : RandomAccessCollection

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`image`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an image resource label

`init(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S>(S, image: ImageResource, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S, C>(S, image: ImageResource, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:image:sources:isOn:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string and image resource.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, C>(
        _ title: S,
        image: ImageResource,
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>
    ) where S : StringProtocol, C : RandomAccessCollection

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`image`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an image resource label

`init(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S>(S, image: ImageResource, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, image: ImageResource, sources: C, isOn:
KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and image resource.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:systemImage:isOn:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
system image.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        systemImage: String,
        isOn: Binding<Bool>
    )

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`systemImage`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that indicates whether the toggle is on or off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

To initialize a toggle with a string variable, use `init(_:isOn:)` instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an system image

`init<S>(S, systemImage: String, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String, sources: C, isOn:
KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S, C>(S, systemImage: String, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:systemImage:isOn:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and system image.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        systemImage: String,
        isOn: Binding<Bool>
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`systemImage`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`isOn`

    

A binding to a property that indicates whether the toggle is on or off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

To initialize a toggle with a localized string key, use `init(_:isOn:)`
instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an system image

`init(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String, sources: C, isOn:
KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S, C>(S, systemImage: String, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:systemImage:sources:isOn:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and system image.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<C>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        systemImage: String,
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>
    ) where C : RandomAccessCollection

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`systemImage`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an system image

`init(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S>(S, systemImage: String, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S, C>(S, systemImage: String, sources: C, isOn: KeyPath<C.Element,
Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:systemImage:sources:isOn:)

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, C>(
        _ title: S,
        systemImage: String,
        sources: C,
        isOn: KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>
    ) where S : StringProtocol, C : RandomAccessCollection

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`systemImage`

    

The name of the image resource to lookup.

`sources`

    

A collection of values used as the source for rendering the Toggle’s state.

`isOn`

    

The key path of the values that determines whether the toggle is on, mixed or
off.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

The following example creates a single toggle that represents the state of
multiple alarms:

## See Also

### Creating a toggle with an system image

`init(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a localized string key and
system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<S>(S, systemImage: String, isOn: Binding<Bool>)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string and system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

`init<C>(LocalizedStringKey, systemImage: String, sources: C, isOn:
KeyPath<C.Element, Binding<Bool>>)`

Creates a toggle representing a collection of values that generates its label
from a localized string key and system image.

Available when `Label` is `Label<Text, Image>`.

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a toggle based on a toggle style configuration.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ configuration: ToggleStyleConfiguration)

Available when `Label` is `ToggleStyleConfiguration.Label`.

##  Parameters

`configuration`

    

The properties of the toggle, including a label and a binding to the toggle’s
state.

## Discussion

You can use this initializer within the `makeBody(configuration:)` method of a
`ToggleStyle` to create an instance of the styled toggle. This is useful for
custom toggle styles that only modify the current toggle style, as opposed to
implementing a brand new style.

For example, the following style adds a red border around the toggle, but
otherwise preserves the toggle’s current style:

Initializer

# init(isOn:intent:label:)

Creates a toggle performing an `AppIntent`.

AppIntents  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+

    
    
    init<I>(
        isOn: Bool,
        intent: I,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label
    ) where I : AppIntent

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`isOn`

    

Whether the toggle is on or off.

`intent`

    

The `AppIntent` to be performed.

`label`

    

A view that describes the purpose of the toggle.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle for an App Intent

`init(LocalizedStringKey, isOn: Bool, intent: some AppIntent)`

Creates a toggle performing an `AppIntent` and generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, isOn: Bool, intent: some AppIntent)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:isOn:intent:)

Creates a toggle performing an `AppIntent` and generates its label from a
localized string key.

AppIntents  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        isOn: Bool,
        intent: some AppIntent
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the toggle’s localized title, that describes the purpose of the
toggle.

`isOn`

    

Whether the toggle is on or off.

`intent`

    

The `AppIntent` to be performed.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

To initialize a toggle with a string variable, use
`Toggle/init(_:isOn:intent:)` instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle for an App Intent

`init<I>(isOn: Bool, intent: I, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a toggle performing an `AppIntent`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init<S>(S, isOn: Bool, intent: some AppIntent)`

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:isOn:intent:)

Creates a toggle that generates its label from a string.

AppIntents  SwiftUI  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        isOn: Bool,
        intent: some AppIntent
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the purpose of the toggle.

`isOn`

    

Whether the toggle is on or off.

`intent`

    

The `AppIntent` to be performed.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. See `Text` for more information about localizing
strings.

To initialize a toggle with a localized string key, use
`Toggle/init(_:isOn:intent:)` instead.

## See Also

### Creating a toggle for an App Intent

`init<I>(isOn: Bool, intent: I, label: () -> Label)`

Creates a toggle performing an `AppIntent`.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, isOn: Bool, intent: some AppIntent)`

Creates a toggle performing an `AppIntent` and generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.



# TypesettingLanguage

Type Property

# automatic

Automatic language behavior.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let automatic: TypesettingLanguage

## Discussion

When determining the language to use for typesetting the current UI language
and preferred languages will be considiered. For example, if the current UI
locale is for English and Thai is included in the preferred languages then
line heights will be taller to accommodate the taller glyphs used by Thai.

## See Also

### Getting language behavior

`static func explicit(Locale.Language) -> TypesettingLanguage`

Use explicit language.

Type Method

# explicit(_:)

Use explicit language.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func explicit(_ language: Locale.Language) -> TypesettingLanguage

##  Parameters

`language`

    

The language to use for typesetting.

## Return Value

A `TypesettingLanguage`.

## Discussion

An explicit language will be used for typesetting. For example, if used with
Thai language the line heights will be as tall as needed to accommodate Thai.

## See Also

### Getting language behavior

`static let automatic: TypesettingLanguage`

Automatic language behavior.



# TextFieldStyle

Type Property

# automatic

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: DefaultTextFieldStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTextFieldStyle`.

## Discussion

The default style represents the recommended style based on the current
platform and the text field’s context within the view hierarchy.

## See Also

### Getting built-in text field styles

`static var plain: PlainTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with no decoration.

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextFieldStyle`.

`static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`.

`static var squareBorder: SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

Available when `Self` is `SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`.

Type Property

# plain

A text field style with no decoration.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var plain: PlainTextFieldStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextFieldStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in text field styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTextFieldStyle`

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTextFieldStyle`.

`static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`.

`static var squareBorder: SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

Available when `Self` is `SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`.

Type Property

# roundedBorder

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in text field styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTextFieldStyle`

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTextFieldStyle`.

`static var plain: PlainTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with no decoration.

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextFieldStyle`.

`static var squareBorder: SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

Available when `Self` is `SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`.

Type Property

# squareBorder

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    static var squareBorder: SquareBorderTextFieldStyle { get }

Available when `Self` is `SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in text field styles

`static var automatic: DefaultTextFieldStyle`

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

Available when `Self` is `DefaultTextFieldStyle`.

`static var plain: PlainTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with no decoration.

Available when `Self` is `PlainTextFieldStyle`.

`static var roundedBorder: RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

Available when `Self` is `RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`.

Structure

# DefaultTextFieldStyle

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct DefaultTextFieldStyle

## Overview

You can also use `automatic` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text field style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextFieldStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct PlainTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with no decoration.

`struct RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

`struct SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

Structure

# PlainTextFieldStyle

A text field style with no decoration.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct PlainTextFieldStyle

## Overview

You can also use `plain` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text field style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextFieldStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultTextFieldStyle`

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

`struct RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

`struct SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

Structure

# RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle

## Overview

You can also use `roundedBorder` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text field style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextFieldStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultTextFieldStyle`

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

`struct PlainTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with no decoration.

`struct SquareBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

Structure

# SquareBorderTextFieldStyle

A text field style with a system-defined square border.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    struct SquareBorderTextFieldStyle

## Overview

You can also use `squareBorder` to construct this style.

## Topics

### Creating the text field style

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextFieldStyle`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DefaultTextFieldStyle`

The default text field style, based on the text field’s context.

`struct PlainTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with no decoration.

`struct RoundedBorderTextFieldStyle`

A text field style with a system-defined rounded border.



# TextSelectability

Type Property

# enabled

A selectability value that enables text selection by a person using your app.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var enabled: EnabledTextSelectability { get }

Available when `Self` is `EnabledTextSelectability`.

## Discussion

Enabling text selection allows people to perform actions on the text content,
such as copying and sharing. Enable text selection in views where those
operations are useful, such as copying unique IDs or error messages. This
allows people to paste the data into emails or documents.

The following example enables text selection on the second of two `Text` views
in a `VStack`.

## See Also

### Getting selectability options

`static var disabled: DisabledTextSelectability`

A selectability value that disables text selection by the person using your
app.

Available when `Self` is `DisabledTextSelectability`.

Type Property

# disabled

A selectability value that disables text selection by the person using your
app.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var disabled: DisabledTextSelectability { get }

Available when `Self` is `DisabledTextSelectability`.

## Discussion

Use this property to disable text selection of views that you don’t want
people to select and copy, even if contained within an overall context that
allows text selection.

## See Also

### Getting selectability options

`static var enabled: EnabledTextSelectability`

A selectability value that enables text selection by a person using your app.

Available when `Self` is `EnabledTextSelectability`.

Type Property

# allowsSelection

A Boolean value that indicates whether the selectability type allows
selection.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var allowsSelection: Bool { get }

**Required**

## Discussion

Conforming types, such as `EnabledTextSelectability` and
`DisabledTextSelectability`, return `true` or `false` for this property as
appropriate. SwiftUI expects this value for a given selectability type to be
constant, unaffected by global state.

Structure

# EnabledTextSelectability

A selectability type that enables text selection by the person using your app.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct EnabledTextSelectability

## Overview

Don’t use this type directly. Instead, use `enabled`.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextSelectability`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct DisabledTextSelectability`

A selectability type that disables text selection by the person using your
app.

Structure

# DisabledTextSelectability

A selectability type that disables text selection by the person using your
app.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct DisabledTextSelectability

## Overview

Don’t use this type directly. Instead, use `disabled`.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `TextSelectability`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct EnabledTextSelectability`

A selectability type that enables text selection by the person using your app.



# TextFormattingCommands

Initializer

# init()

A new value describing the built-in text-formatting commands.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# TextAlignment

Case

# TextAlignment.center

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case center

## See Also

### Getting text alignments

`case leading`

`case trailing`

Case

# TextAlignment.leading

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case leading

## See Also

### Getting text alignments

`case center`

`case trailing`

Case

# TextAlignment.trailing

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case trailing

## See Also

### Getting text alignments

`case center`

`case leading`



# TextEditor

Initializer

# init(text:)

Creates a plain text editor.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(text: Binding<String>)

##  Parameters

`text`

    

A `Binding` to the variable containing the text to edit.

## Discussion

Use a `TextEditor` instance to create a view in which users can enter and edit
long-form text.

In this example, the text editor renders gray text using the 13 point
Helvetica Neue font with 5 points of spacing between each line:

You can define the styling for the text within the view, including the text
color, font, and line spacing. You define these styles by applying standard
view modifiers to the view.

The default text editor doesn’t support rich text, such as styling of
individual elements within the editor’s view. The styles you set apply
globally to all text in the view.



# ToolbarCommands

Initializer

# init()

A new value describing the built-in toolbar-related commands.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# TableColumn

Initializer

# init(_:value:)

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>
    ) where Content == Text

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column. The table uses this to
display the property as verbatim text in each row of the table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the localized key
similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. For more information about
localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating an unsortable column

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:)

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>
    ) where Content == Text, S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column. The table uses this to
display the property as verbatim text in each row of the table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating an unsortable column

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:)

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>
    ) where Content == Text

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column. The table uses this to
display the property as verbatim text in each row of the table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the localized key
similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. For more information about
localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating an unsortable column

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the localized key
similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. For more information about
localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating an unsortable column

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating an unsortable column

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:content:)

Creates an unsortable column with a text label

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating an unsortable column

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property that generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates an unsortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is `Never`,
`Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:)

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard
    ) where Content == Text

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, to display verbatim as
text in each row of a table, and the key path used to create a sort comparator
when sorting the column.

`comparator`

    

The `SortComparator` used to order the string values.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the localized key
similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. For more information about
localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:)

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard
    ) where Content == Text, S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, to display verbatim as
text in each row of a table, and the key path used to create a sort comparator
when sorting the column.

`comparator`

    

The `SortComparator` used to order the string values.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:)

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard
    ) where Content == Text

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, to display verbatim as
text in each row of a table, and the key path used to create a sort comparator
when sorting the column.

`comparator`

    

The `SortComparator` used to order the string values.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:)

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard
    ) where Content == Text

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state and to display as verbatim text in each row.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:)

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard
    ) where Content == Text, S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state and to display as verbatim text in each row.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:)

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard
    ) where Content == Text

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state and to display as verbatim text in each row.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>,
        comparator: String.StandardComparator = .localizedStandard,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The specific comparator to compare string values.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## See Also

### Creating a column with strings

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and generates its
label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property, and which
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property, and which generates
its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator)`

Creates an unsortable column that displays a string property and has a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, String?>, comparator:
String.StandardComparator, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values with a
text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 64-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 64-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int64?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 64-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt64?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 64-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values with a
text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 32-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 32-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int32?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 32-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt32?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 32-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values with a
text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 16-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 16-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int16?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that generates
its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 16-bit integer values with a text
label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt16?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 16-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values with a
text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with 8-bit integers

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Int8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that generates its
label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values that displays a
string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for unsigned 8-bit integer values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UInt8?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional unsigned 8-bit integer values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with Booleans

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for Boolean values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Bool?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional Boolean values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with floats

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with floats

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with floats

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with floats

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with floats

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with floats

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for single-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Float?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional single-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with doubles

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with doubles

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with doubles

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with doubles

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with doubles

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with doubles

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values that
displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for double-precision floating-point values with a
text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that generates its label from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Double?>, content: (RowValue) ->
Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional double-precision floating-point values
that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with dates

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with dates

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with dates

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with dates

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with dates

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional date values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with dates

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for date values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, Date?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional date values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, which will be used to
update and reflect the sorting state in a table.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the title
similar to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see
`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for
more information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with UUIDs

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that generates its label from a
localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values that displays a string property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for UUID values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that generates its label
from a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, UUID?>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for optional UUID values that displays a string
property.

Available when `RowValue` inherits `NSObject`, `RowValue` conforms to
`Identifiable`, `Sort` is `SortDescriptor<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where V : Comparable

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the localized key
similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. For more information about
localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<S, V>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C,
content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V, C>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, V>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol, V : Comparable

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C,
content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V, C>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:content:)

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V>(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where V : Comparable

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C,
content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V, C>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V, C>(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>,
        comparator: C,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where V == C.Compared, C : SortComparator

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The `SortComparator` used to order values of the sort value type.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the localized key
similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. See `Text` for more
information about localizing strings.

## See Also

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V, C>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S, V, C>(
        _ title: S,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>,
        comparator: C,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol, V == C.Compared, C : SortComparator

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The `SortComparator` used to order values of the sort value type.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C,
content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:value:comparator:content:)

Creates a sortable column that has a text label, and uses an explicit
comparator for sorting values.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<V, C>(
        _ text: Text,
        value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>,
        comparator: C,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where V == C.Compared, C : SortComparator

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`value`

    

The path to the property associated with the column, used to update the
table’s sorting state.

`comparator`

    

The `SortComparator` used to order values of the sort value type.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with comparable values

`init<V>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue)
-> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a localized string key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values that generates its label from
a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V>(Text, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column for comparable values with a text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<V, C>(LocalizedStringKey, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C,
content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key, and uses an explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

`init<S, V, C>(S, value: KeyPath<RowValue, V>, comparator: C, content:
(RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string, and uses an
explicit comparator for sorting values.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` is
`KeyPathComparator<RowValue>`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` is
`Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:sortUsing:content:)

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        sortUsing comparator: Sort,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

The key for the column’s localized title.

`comparator`

    

The prototype sort comparator to use when representing this column. When a
person taps or clicks the column header, the containing table’s `sortOrder`
incorporates this value, potentially with a flipped order.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view on your behalf, and treats the
localized key similar to `init(_:tableName:bundle:comment:)`. For more
information about localizing strings, see`Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with a comparator

`init<S>(S, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:sortUsing:content:)

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        sortUsing comparator: Sort,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`title`

    

A string that describes the column.

`comparator`

    

The prototype sort comparator to use when representing this column. When a
person taps or clicks the column header, the containing table’s `sortOrder`
incorporates this value, potentially with a flipped order.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with a comparator

`init(LocalizedStringKey, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init(Text, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column with text label.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Initializer

# init(_:sortUsing:content:)

Creates a sortable column with text label.

iOS 16.6+  iPadOS 16.6+  macOS 13.5+  Mac Catalyst 16.6+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ text: Text,
        sortUsing comparator: Sort,
        @ViewBuilder content: @escaping (RowValue) -> Content
    )

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`text`

    

The column’s label.

`comparator`

    

The prototype sort comparator to use when representing this column. When a
person taps or clicks the column header, the containing table’s `sortOrder`
incorporates this value, potentially with a flipped order.

`content`

    

The view content to display for each row in a table.

## Discussion

This initializer creates a `Text` view for you, and treats the title similar
to `init(_:)`. For more information about localizing strings, see `Text`.

## See Also

### Creating a column with a comparator

`init(LocalizedStringKey, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a localized string
key.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, sortUsing: Sort, content: (RowValue) -> Content)`

Creates a sortable column that generates its label from a string.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `RowValue` is
`Sort.Compared`, `Sort` conforms to `SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to
`View`, and `Label` is `Text`.

Instance Method

# width(_:)

Creates a fixed width table column that isn’t user resizable.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func width(_ width: CGFloat? = nil) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

##  Parameters

`width`

    

A fixed width for the resulting column. If `width` is `nil`, the resulting
column has no change in sizing.

## See Also

### Setting the column width

`func width(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat?, max: CGFloat?) ->
TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a resizable table column with the provided constraints.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

`func width() -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Sets the column’s width.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

Deprecated

Instance Method

# width(min:ideal:max:)

Creates a resizable table column with the provided constraints.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func width(
        min: CGFloat? = nil,
        ideal: CGFloat? = nil,
        max: CGFloat? = nil
    ) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

##  Parameters

`min`

    

The minimum width of a resizable column. If non-`nil`, the value must be
greater than or equal to `0`.

`ideal`

    

The ideal width of the column, used to determine the initial width of the
table column. The column always starts at least as large as the set ideal
size, but may be larger if table was sized larger than the ideal of all of its
columns.

`max`

    

The maximum width of a resizable column. If non-`nil`, the value must be
greater than `0`. Pass `infinity` to indicate unconstrained maximum width.

## Discussion

Always specify at least one width constraint when calling this method. Pass
`nil` or leave out a constraint to indicate no change to the sizing of a
column.

To create a fixed size column use `width(_:)` instead.

## See Also

### Setting the column width

`func width(CGFloat?) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a fixed width table column that isn’t user resizable.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

`func width() -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Sets the column’s width.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

Deprecated

Instance Method

# width()

Sets the column’s width.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func width() -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

Deprecated

Use `width(_:)` or `width(min:ideal:max:)` instead.

## See Also

### Setting the column width

`func width(CGFloat?) -> TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a fixed width table column that isn’t user resizable.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.

`func width(min: CGFloat?, ideal: CGFloat?, max: CGFloat?) ->
TableColumn<RowValue, Sort, Content, Label>`

Creates a resizable table column with the provided constraints.

Available when `RowValue` conforms to `Identifiable`, `Sort` conforms to
`SortComparator`, `Content` conforms to `View`, and `Label` conforms to
`View`.



# TimelineScheduleMode

Case

# TimelineScheduleMode.normal

A mode that produces schedule updates at the schedule’s natural cadence.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case normal

## See Also

### Getting timeline schedule modes

`case lowFrequency`

A mode that produces schedule updates at a reduced rate.

Case

# TimelineScheduleMode.lowFrequency

A mode that produces schedule updates at a reduced rate.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case lowFrequency

## Discussion

In this mode, the schedule should generate only “major” updates, if possible.
For example, a timeline providing updates to a timer might restrict updates to
once a minute while in this mode.

## See Also

### Getting timeline schedule modes

`case normal`

A mode that produces schedule updates at the schedule’s natural cadence.



# TextFieldLink

Initializer

# init(_:prompt:onSubmit:)

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

watchOS 9.0+

    
    
    init(
        _ titleKey: LocalizedStringKey,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        onSubmit: @escaping (String) -> Void
    )

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

A key for the TextFieldLink’s localized title, that describes the purpose of
requesting text input.

`prompt`

    

Text which describes the reason for requesting text input.

`onSubmit`

    

An action to perform when text input has been accepted and dismissed

## See Also

### Creating a text field link

`init<S>(S, prompt: Text?, onSubmit: (String) -> Void)`

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label, onSubmit: (String) -> Void)`

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(_:prompt:onSubmit:)

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

watchOS 9.0+

    
    
    init<S>(
        _ title: S,
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        onSubmit: @escaping (String) -> Void
    ) where S : StringProtocol

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

##  Parameters

`titleKey`

    

A key for the TextFieldLink’s localized title, that describes the purpose of
requesting text input.

`prompt`

    

Text which describes the reason for requesting text input.

`onSubmit`

    

An action to perform when text input has been accepted and dismissed

## See Also

### Creating a text field link

`init(LocalizedStringKey, prompt: Text?, onSubmit: (String) -> Void)`

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init(prompt: Text?, label: () -> Label, onSubmit: (String) -> Void)`

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(prompt:label:onSubmit:)

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

watchOS 9.0+

    
    
    init(
        prompt: Text? = nil,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> Label,
        onSubmit: @escaping (String) -> Void
    )

Available when `Label` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`label`

    

A view that describes the action of requesting text input.

`prompt`

    

Text which describes the reason for requesting text input.

`onSubmit`

    

An action to perform when text input has been accepted and dismissed

## See Also

### Creating a text field link

`init(LocalizedStringKey, prompt: Text?, onSubmit: (String) -> Void)`

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.

`init<S>(S, prompt: Text?, onSubmit: (String) -> Void)`

Creates a TextFieldLink which when pressed will request text input from the
user.

Available when `Label` is `Text`.



# ToolbarItem

Initializer

# init(placement:content:)

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        placement: ToolbarItemPlacement = .automatic,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> Content
    )

Available when `ID` is `()` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`placement`

    

Which section of the toolbar the item should be placed in.

`content`

    

The content of the item.

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar item

`init(id: String, placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

`init(id: String, placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, showsByDefault: Bool,
content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(id:placement:content:)

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        id: String,
        placement: ToolbarItemPlacement = .automatic,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> Content
    )

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A unique identifier for this item.

`placement`

    

Which section of the toolbar the item should be placed in.

`content`

    

The content of the item.

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar item

`init(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content.

Available when `ID` is `()` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

`init(id: String, placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, showsByDefault: Bool,
content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(id:placement:showsByDefault:content:)

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

iOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  iPadOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  macOS 11.0–14.4
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 14.0–17.4  Deprecated  tvOS 14.0–17.4  Deprecated
watchOS 7.0–10.4  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        id: String,
        placement: ToolbarItemPlacement = .automatic,
        showsByDefault: Bool,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> Content
    )

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A unique identifier for this item.

`placement`

    

Which section of the toolbar the item should be placed in.

`showsByDefault`

    

Whether the item appears by default in the toolbar, or only shows if the user
explicitly adds it via customization.

`content`

    

The content of the item.

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar item

`init(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content.

Available when `ID` is `()` and `Content` conforms to `View`.

`init(id: String, placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item with the specified placement and content, which allows
for user customization.

Available when `ID` is `String` and `Content` conforms to `View`.



# TupleView

Initializer

# init(_:)

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(_ value: T)

## See Also

### Creating a tuple view

`var value: T`

Instance Property

# value

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var value: T

## See Also

### Creating a tuple view

`init(T)`



# ToolbarItemGroup

Initializer

# init(placement:content:)

Creates a toolbar item group with a specified placement and content.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        placement: ToolbarItemPlacement = .automatic,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> Content
    )

## Discussion

  * placement: Which section of the toolbar all of its vended `ToolbarItem`s should be placed in.

  * content: The content of the group. Each view specified in the `ViewBuilder` will be given its own `ToolbarItem` in the toolbar.

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar item group

`init<C, L>(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> C, label: () ->
L)`

Creates a toolbar item group with the specified placement, content, and a
label describing that content.

Available when `Content` conforms to `View`.

Initializer

# init(placement:content:label:)

Creates a toolbar item group with the specified placement, content, and a
label describing that content.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init<C, L>(
        placement: ToolbarItemPlacement = .automatic,
        @ViewBuilder content: () -> C,
        @ViewBuilder label: () -> L
    ) where Content == LabeledToolbarItemGroupContent<C, L>, C : View, L : View

Available when `Content` conforms to `View`.

##  Parameters

`placement`

    

Which section of the toolbar the item should be placed in.

`content`

    

The content of the item.

`label`

    

The label describing the content of the item.

## Discussion

A toolbar item group provided a label wraps its content within a
`ControlGroup` which allows the content to collapse down into a menu that
presents its content based on available space.

## See Also

### Creating a toolbar item group

`init(placement: ToolbarItemPlacement, content: () -> Content)`

Creates a toolbar item group with a specified placement and content.

Structure

# LabeledToolbarItemGroupContent

A view that represents the view of a toolbar item group with a specified
label.

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 13.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  tvOS 16.0+  watchOS
9.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct LabeledToolbarItemGroupContent<Content, Label> where Content : View, Label : View

## Overview

You don’t create this type directly. SwiftUI creates it when you build a
`ToolbarItemGroup`.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `View`



# TitleAndIconLabelStyle

Initializer

# init()

Creates a label style that shows both the title and icon of the label using a
system-standard layout.

iOS 14.5+  iPadOS 14.5+  macOS 11.3+  Mac Catalyst 14.5+  tvOS 14.5+  watchOS
7.4+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()



# Transaction

Initializer

# init()

Creates a transaction.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()

## See Also

### Creating a transaction

`init(animation: Animation?)`

Creates a transaction and assigns its animation property.

Initializer

# init(animation:)

Creates a transaction and assigns its animation property.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(animation: Animation?)

##  Parameters

`animation`

    

The animation to perform when the current state changes.

## See Also

### Creating a transaction

`init()`

Creates a transaction.

Instance Property

# animation

The animation, if any, associated with the current state change.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var animation: Animation? { get set }

## See Also

### Managing animations

`var disablesAnimations: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether views should disable animations.

`func addAnimationCompletion(criteria: AnimationCompletionCriteria, () ->
Void)`

Adds a completion to run when the animations created with this transaction are
all complete.

Instance Property

# disablesAnimations

A Boolean value that indicates whether views should disable animations.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var disablesAnimations: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is `true` during the initial phase of a two-part transition update,
to prevent `View/animation(_:)` from inserting new animations into the
transaction.

## See Also

### Managing animations

`var animation: Animation?`

The animation, if any, associated with the current state change.

`func addAnimationCompletion(criteria: AnimationCompletionCriteria, () ->
Void)`

Adds a completion to run when the animations created with this transaction are
all complete.

Instance Method

# addAnimationCompletion(criteria:_:)

Adds a completion to run when the animations created with this transaction are
all complete.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    mutating func addAnimationCompletion(
        criteria: AnimationCompletionCriteria = .logicallyComplete,
        _ completion: @escaping () -> Void
    )

## Discussion

The completion callback will always be fired exactly one time. If no
animations are created by the changes in `body`, then the callback will be
called immediately after `body`.

## See Also

### Managing animations

`var animation: Animation?`

The animation, if any, associated with the current state change.

`var disablesAnimations: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether views should disable animations.

Instance Property

# dismissBehavior

The behavior for how windows will dismiss programmatically when used in
conjunction with `DismissWindowAction`.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var dismissBehavior: DismissBehavior { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `.interactive`.

You can use this property to dismiss windows which may be showing a modal
presentation by using the `.destructive` value:

Instance Property

# isContinuous

A Boolean value that indicates whether the transaction originated from an
action that produces a sequence of values.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isContinuous: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is `true` if a continuous action created the transaction, and is
`false` otherwise. Continuous actions include things like dragging a slider or
pressing and holding a stepper, as opposed to tapping a button.

## See Also

### Getting information about a transaction

`var scrollTargetAnchor: UnitPoint?`

The preferred alignment of the view within a scroll view’s visible region when
scrolling to a view.

`var tracksVelocity: Bool`

Whether this transaction will track the velocity of any animatable properties
that change.

`subscript<K>(K.Type) -> K.Value`

Accesses the transaction value associated with a custom key.

Instance Property

# scrollTargetAnchor

The preferred alignment of the view within a scroll view’s visible region when
scrolling to a view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var scrollTargetAnchor: UnitPoint? { get set }

## Discussion

Use this API in conjunction with a `ScrollViewProxy/scrollTo(_:anchor)` or
when updating the binding provided to a `scrollPosition(id:anchor:)`.

When used with the `scrollPosition(id:anchor:)` modifier, this value will be
preferred over the anchor specified in the modifier for the current
transaction.

## See Also

### Getting information about a transaction

`var isContinuous: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the transaction originated from an
action that produces a sequence of values.

`var tracksVelocity: Bool`

Whether this transaction will track the velocity of any animatable properties
that change.

`subscript<K>(K.Type) -> K.Value`

Accesses the transaction value associated with a custom key.

Instance Property

# tracksVelocity

Whether this transaction will track the velocity of any animatable properties
that change.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var tracksVelocity: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This property can be enabled in an interactive context to track velocity
during a user interaction so that when the interaction ends, an animation can
use the accumulated velocities to create animations that preserve them. This
tracking is mutually exclusive with an animation being used during a view
change, since if there is an animation, it is responsible for managing its own
velocity.

Gesture onChanged and updating callbacks automatically set this property to
true.

This example shows an interaction which applies changes, tracking velocity
until the final change, which applies an animation (which will start with the
velocity that was tracked during the previous changes). These changes could
come from a server or from an interactive control like a slider.

## See Also

### Getting information about a transaction

`var isContinuous: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the transaction originated from an
action that produces a sequence of values.

`var scrollTargetAnchor: UnitPoint?`

The preferred alignment of the view within a scroll view’s visible region when
scrolling to a view.

`subscript<K>(K.Type) -> K.Value`

Accesses the transaction value associated with a custom key.

Instance Subscript

# subscript(_:)

Accesses the transaction value associated with a custom key.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    subscript<K>(key: K.Type) -> K.Value where K : TransactionKey { get set }

## Overview

Create custom transaction values by defining a key that conforms to the
`TransactionKey` protocol, and then using that key with the subscript operator
of the `Transaction` structure to get and set a value for that key:

## See Also

### Getting information about a transaction

`var isContinuous: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the transaction originated from an
action that produces a sequence of values.

`var scrollTargetAnchor: UnitPoint?`

The preferred alignment of the view within a scroll view’s visible region when
scrolling to a view.

`var tracksVelocity: Bool`

Whether this transaction will track the velocity of any animatable properties
that change.



# Text.TruncationMode

Case

# Text.TruncationMode.head

Truncate at the beginning of the line.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case head

## Discussion

Use this kind of truncation to omit characters from the beginning of the
string. For example, you could truncate the English alphabet as “…wxyz”.

## See Also

### Getting text truncation modes

`case middle`

Truncate in the middle of the line.

`case tail`

Truncate at the end of the line.

Case

# Text.TruncationMode.middle

Truncate in the middle of the line.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case middle

## Discussion

Use this kind of truncation to omit characters from the middle of the string.
For example, you could truncate the English alphabet as “ab…yz”.

## See Also

### Getting text truncation modes

`case head`

Truncate at the beginning of the line.

`case tail`

Truncate at the end of the line.

Case

# Text.TruncationMode.tail

Truncate at the end of the line.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case tail

## Discussion

Use this kind of truncation to omit characters from the end of the string. For
example, you could truncate the English alphabet as “abcd…”.

## See Also

### Getting text truncation modes

`case head`

Truncate at the beginning of the line.

`case middle`

Truncate in the middle of the line.



# TupleTableRowContent

Instance Property

# value

iOS 16.0+  iPadOS 16.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 16.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var value: T



# TransformedShape

Initializer

# init(shape:transform:)

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        shape: Content,
        transform: CGAffineTransform
    )

Instance Property

# shape

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var shape: Content

## See Also

### Getting the shape’s characteristics

`var transform: CGAffineTransform`

Instance Property

# transform

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var transform: CGAffineTransform

## See Also

### Getting the shape’s characteristics

`var shape: Content`



# Transition

Type Property

# blurReplace

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition { get }

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# blurReplace(_:)

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func blurReplace(_ config: BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration = .downUp) -> Self

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Property

# identity

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var identity: IdentityTransition { get }

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# move(edge:)

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# offset(_:)

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func offset(_ offset: CGSize) -> Self

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# offset(x:y:)

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func offset(
        x: CGFloat = 0,
        y: CGFloat = 0
    ) -> Self

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Property

# opacity

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var opacity: OpacityTransition { get }

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# push(from:)

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func push(from edge: Edge) -> Self

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

##  Parameters

`edge`

    

the edge from which the view will be animated in.

## Return Value

A transition that animates a view by moving and fading it.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Property

# scale

Returns a transition that scales the view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var scale: ScaleTransition { get }

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# scale(_:anchor:)

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func scale(
        _ scale: Double,
        anchor: UnitPoint = .center
    ) -> Self

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Property

# slide

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var slide: SlideTransition { get }

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

## Discussion

See Also

`AnyTransition.move(edge:)`

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Property

# symbolEffect

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition { get }

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static func symbolEffect<T>(T, options: SymbolEffectOptions) ->
SymbolEffectTransition`

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Type Method

# symbolEffect(_:options:)

Creates a transition that applies the provided effect to symbol images within
the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are unaffected by this
transition.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static func symbolEffect<T>(
        _ effect: T,
        options: SymbolEffectOptions = .default
    ) -> SymbolEffectTransition where T : SymbolEffect, T : TransitionSymbolEffect

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

##  Parameters

`effect`

    

the symbol effect value.

## Return Value

a new transition.

## See Also

### Getting built-in transitions

`static var blurReplace: BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static func blurReplace(BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration) -> Self`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

Available when `Self` is `BlurReplaceTransition`.

`static var identity: IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

Available when `Self` is `IdentityTransition`.

`static func move(edge: Edge) -> Self`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

Available when `Self` is `MoveTransition`.

`static func offset(CGSize) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static func offset(x: CGFloat, y: CGFloat) -> Self`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified x and y values.

Available when `Self` is `OffsetTransition`.

`static var opacity: OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

Available when `Self` is `OpacityTransition`.

`static func push(from: Edge) -> Self`

Creates a transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s
insertion by moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and
animate its removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it
out.

Available when `Self` is `PushTransition`.

`static var scale: ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static func scale(Double, anchor: UnitPoint) -> Self`

Returns a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

Available when `Self` is `ScaleTransition`.

`static var slide: SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Available when `Self` is `SlideTransition`.

`static var symbolEffect: SymbolEffectTransition`

A transition that applies the default symbol effect transition to symbol
images within the inserted or removed view hierarchy. Other views are
unaffected by this transition.

Available when `Self` is `SymbolEffectTransition`.

Instance Method

# animation(_:)

Attaches an animation to this transition.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func animation(_ animation: Animation?) -> some Transition
    

## See Also

### Configuring a transition

`static var properties: TransitionProperties`

Returns the properties this transition type has.

**Required** Default implementation provided.

Type Property

# properties

Returns the properties this transition type has.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var properties: TransitionProperties { get }

**Required** Default implementation provided.

## Discussion

Defaults to `TransitionProperties()`.

## Default Implementations

### Transition Implementations

`static var properties: TransitionProperties`

Returns the properties this transition type has.

## See Also

### Configuring a transition

`func animation(Animation?) -> some Transition`

Attaches an animation to this transition.

Instance Method

# apply(content:phase:)

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func apply<V>(
        content: V,
        phase: TransitionPhase
    ) -> some View where V : View
    

## See Also

### Using a transition

`func combined<T>(with: T) -> some Transition`

Instance Method

# combined(with:)

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func combined<T>(with other: T) -> some Transition where T : Transition
    

## See Also

### Using a transition

`func apply<V>(content: V, phase: TransitionPhase) -> some View`

Instance Method

# body(content:phase:)

Gets the current body of the caller.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @ViewBuilder
    func body(
        content: Self.Content,
        phase: TransitionPhase
    ) -> Self.Body

**Required**

## Discussion

`content` is a proxy for the view that will have the modifier represented by
`Self` applied to it.

## See Also

### Creating a custom transition

`associatedtype Body : View`

The type of view representing the body.

**Required**

` typealias Content`

The content view type passed to `body()`.

Associated Type

# Body

The type of view representing the body.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    associatedtype Body : View

**Required**

## See Also

### Creating a custom transition

`func body(content: Self.Content, phase: TransitionPhase) -> Self.Body`

Gets the current body of the caller.

**Required**

` typealias Content`

The content view type passed to `body()`.

Type Alias

# Transition.Content

The content view type passed to `body()`.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    typealias Content = PlaceholderContentView<Self>

## See Also

### Creating a custom transition

`func body(content: Self.Content, phase: TransitionPhase) -> Self.Body`

Gets the current body of the caller.

**Required**

` associatedtype Body : View`

The type of view representing the body.

**Required**

Structure

# BlurReplaceTransition

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct BlurReplaceTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init(configuration: BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration)`

Creates a new transition.

`var configuration: BlurReplaceTransition.Configuration`

The transition configuration.

`struct Configuration`

Configuration properties for a transition.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# IdentityTransition

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct IdentityTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# MoveTransition

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct MoveTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init(edge: Edge)`

Creates a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`var edge: Edge`

The edge to move the view towards.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# OffsetTransition

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct OffsetTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init(CGSize)`

Creates a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`var offset: CGSize`

The amount to offset the view by.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# OpacityTransition

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct OpacityTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# PushTransition

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct PushTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init(edge: Edge)`

Creates a transition that animates a view by moving and fading it.

`var edge: Edge`

The edge from which the view will be animated in.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# ScaleTransition

Returns a transition that scales the view.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct ScaleTransition

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init(Double, anchor: UnitPoint)`

Creates a transition that scales the view by the specified amount.

`var anchor: UnitPoint`

The anchor point to scale the view around.

`var scale: Double`

The amount to scale the view by.

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct SlideTransition`

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

Structure

# SlideTransition

A transition that inserts by moving in from the leading edge, and removes by
moving out towards the trailing edge.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    struct SlideTransition

## Overview

See Also

`MoveTransition`

## Topics

### Creating the transition

`init()`

## Relationships

### Conforms To

  * `Transition`

## See Also

### Supporting types

`struct BlurReplaceTransition`

A transition that animates the insertion or removal of a view by combining
blurring and scaling effects.

`struct IdentityTransition`

A transition that returns the input view, unmodified, as the output view.

`struct MoveTransition`

Returns a transition that moves the view away, towards the specified edge of
the view.

`struct OffsetTransition`

Returns a transition that offset the view by the specified amount.

`struct OpacityTransition`

A transition from transparent to opaque on insertion, and from opaque to
transparent on removal.

`struct PushTransition`

A transition that when added to a view will animate the view’s insertion by
moving it in from the specified edge while fading it in, and animate its
removal by moving it out towards the opposite edge and fading it out.

`struct ScaleTransition`

Returns a transition that scales the view.



# TouchBarItemPresence

Case

# TouchBarItemPresence.default(_:)

The Touch Bar view is visible by default, but can be removed during
customization.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    case `default`(String)

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A globally unique identifier for this item.

## See Also

### Getting presence options

`case optional(String)`

The Touch Bar view isn’t visible by default, but appears in the customization
palette.

`case required(String)`

The Touch Bar view is visible by default and cannot be removed during
customization.

Case

# TouchBarItemPresence.optional(_:)

The Touch Bar view isn’t visible by default, but appears in the customization
palette.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    case optional(String)

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A globally unique identifier for this item.

## See Also

### Getting presence options

`case `default`(String)`

The Touch Bar view is visible by default, but can be removed during
customization.

`case required(String)`

The Touch Bar view is visible by default and cannot be removed during
customization.

Case

# TouchBarItemPresence.required(_:)

The Touch Bar view is visible by default and cannot be removed during
customization.

macOS 10.15+

    
    
    case required(String)

##  Parameters

`id`

    

A globally unique identifier for this item.

## See Also

### Getting presence options

`case `default`(String)`

The Touch Bar view is visible by default, but can be removed during
customization.

`case optional(String)`

The Touch Bar view isn’t visible by default, but appears in the customization
palette.



# Text.Case

Case

# Text.Case.lowercase

Displays text in all lowercase characters.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case lowercase

## Discussion

For example, “Hello” would be displayed as “hello”.

See Also

`StringProtocol.lowercased(with:)`

## See Also

### Getting text cases

`case uppercase`

Displays text in all uppercase characters.

Case

# Text.Case.uppercase

Displays text in all uppercase characters.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case uppercase

## Discussion

For example, “Hello” would be displayed as “HELLO”.

See Also

`StringProtocol.uppercased(with:)`

## See Also

### Getting text cases

`case lowercase`

Displays text in all lowercase characters.



# ToolbarTitleDisplayMode

Type Property

# automatic

The automatic mode.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var automatic: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode { get }

## Discussion

For root content in a navigation stack in iOS, iPadOS, or tvOS this behavior
will:

  * Default to `large` when a navigation title is configured.

  * Default to `inline` when no navigation title is provided.

In all platforms, content pushed onto a navigation stack will use the behavior
of the content already on the navigation stack. This has no effect in macOS.

## See Also

### Getting display modes

`static var inline: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline mode.

`static var inlineLarge: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline large mode.

`static var large: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The large mode.

Type Property

# inline

The inline mode.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var inline: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode { get }

## Discussion

In iOS, tvOS, and watchOS this mode displays the title with a smaller size in
the middle of the toolbar. This has no effect in macOS.

## See Also

### Getting display modes

`static var automatic: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The automatic mode.

`static var inlineLarge: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline large mode.

`static var large: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The large mode.

Type Property

# inlineLarge

The inline large mode.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var inlineLarge: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode { get }

## Discussion

In iOS, this behavior displays the title as large inside the toolbar and moves
any leading or centered toolbar items into the overflow menu of the toolbar.
This has no effect in macOS.

## See Also

### Getting display modes

`static var automatic: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The automatic mode.

`static var inline: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline mode.

`static var large: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The large mode.

Type Property

# large

The large mode.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  watchOS 10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var large: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode { get }

## Discussion

In iOS, and watchOS, this displays the toolbar title below the content of the
navigation bar when scrollable content is scrolled to the top and transitions
to the center of the toolbar as content is scrolled.

## See Also

### Getting display modes

`static var automatic: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The automatic mode.

`static var inline: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline mode.

`static var inlineLarge: ToolbarTitleDisplayMode`

The inline large mode.



