# Setting up a Core Data stack

Article

# Setting up a Core Data stack manually

Create the individual components that Core Data requires manually, to support
earlier versions of Apple operating systems.

## Overview

If your app targets iOS 10+, macOS 10.12+, tvOS 10+, watchOS 3+, or visionOS
1+, you can use `NSPersistentContainer` to simplify creation and management of
the Core Data stack. Otherwise, you need to manually create an
`NSManagedObjectModel`, `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`, and at least one
`NSManagedObjectContext`.

### Create a managed object model

To instantiate an `NSManagedObjectModel`, pass in a URL that points to the
compiled version of the `.xcdatamodeld` file. This `.momd` file is typically
part of your app bundle.

### Create a persistent store coordinator

Next, pass the managed object model to the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`
initializer to create a store coordinator with that model.

#### Add a persistent store to the coordinator

If you want Core Data to persist your data model to disk, tell the store
coordinator where the file exists and what format to use.

Important

If you don’t use `NSPersistentContainer` to set up your Core Data stack, you
also need to manually set the options to enable lightweight data migrations.
For more information, see Migrating your data model automatically.

There are advantages and disadvantages to each of the store types. Refer to
the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` documentation for details on each store
type.

### Create a managed object context

Create an `NSManagedObjectContext`, and set its store coordinator property.

Your app uses this context to interact with Core Data. Pass a reference to
this context to your user interface. For additional information, see Inject
the managed object context.



# NSExpressionDescription

Instance Property

# expression

The expression to evaluate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var expression: NSExpression? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the Expression Description

`var resultType: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The attribute type of the expression’s result.

Instance Property

# resultType

The attribute type of the expression’s result.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the Expression Description

`var expression: NSExpression?`

The expression to evaluate.



# Staged migrations

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreStagedMigrationManagerOptionKey

The key for specifying your staged migration manager.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreStagedMigrationManagerOptionKey: String

## See Also

### Migration staging

`class NSStagedMigrationManager`

An object that handles the migration event loop and provides access to the
migrating persistent store.



# NSAsynchronousFetchResult

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The underlying fetch request that was executed.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequest: NSAsynchronousFetchRequest<ResultType> { get }

## See Also

### Getting Information About a Result

`var finalResult: [ResultType]?`

The results that were received from the fetch request.

Instance Property

# finalResult

The results that were received from the fetch request.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var finalResult: [ResultType]? { get }

## See Also

### Getting Information About a Result

`var fetchRequest: NSAsynchronousFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The underlying fetch request that was executed.



# NSPersistentHistoryChangeType

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryChangeType.delete

The deletion of a managed object from the persistent store.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case delete = 2

## See Also

### Change Types

`case insert`

The insertion of a managed object into the persistent store.

`case update`

An update to a managed object’s properties in the persistent store.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryChangeType.insert

The insertion of a managed object into the persistent store.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case insert = 0

## See Also

### Change Types

`case delete`

The deletion of a managed object from the persistent store.

`case update`

An update to a managed object’s properties in the persistent store.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryChangeType.update

An update to a managed object’s properties in the persistent store.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case update = 1

## See Also

### Change Types

`case delete`

The deletion of a managed object from the persistent store.

`case insert`

The insertion of a managed object into the persistent store.



# NSMergePolicyType

Enumeration Case

# NSMergePolicyType.errorMergePolicyType

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case errorMergePolicyType = 0

## Discussion

If a save fails because of conflicting objects, you can find the IDs of those
objects in error’s `userInfo` dictionary. Use the `NSInsertedObjectsKey` and
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey` keys to extract the object IDs.

## See Also

### Policies

`case mergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`case mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`case overwriteMergePolicyType`

A merge policy type that overwrites the entire stored object.

`case rollbackMergePolicyType`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

Enumeration Case

# NSMergePolicyType.mergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicyType

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case mergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicyType = 1

## Discussion

A policy that merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by individual property, with external
changes trumping in-memory changes.

## See Also

### Policies

`case errorMergePolicyType`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`case mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`case overwriteMergePolicyType`

A merge policy type that overwrites the entire stored object.

`case rollbackMergePolicyType`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

Enumeration Case

# NSMergePolicyType.mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType = 2

## Discussion

A policy that merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by individual property, with in-
memory changes trumping external changes.

## See Also

### Policies

`case errorMergePolicyType`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`case mergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`case overwriteMergePolicyType`

A merge policy type that overwrites the entire stored object.

`case rollbackMergePolicyType`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

Enumeration Case

# NSMergePolicyType.overwriteMergePolicyType

A merge policy type that overwrites the entire stored object.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case overwriteMergePolicyType = 3

## Discussion

This policy merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by saving the entire in-memory object
to the persistent store.

## See Also

### Policies

`case errorMergePolicyType`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`case mergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`case mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`case rollbackMergePolicyType`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

Enumeration Case

# NSMergePolicyType.rollbackMergePolicyType

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case rollbackMergePolicyType = 4

## Discussion

This policy merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by discarding unsaved changes.

## See Also

### Policies

`case errorMergePolicyType`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`case mergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`case mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`case overwriteMergePolicyType`

A merge policy type that overwrites the entire stored object.



# NSAttributeType

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.binaryDataAttributeType

An attribute that stores binary data.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case binaryDataAttributeType = 1000

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.booleanAttributeType

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case booleanAttributeType = 800

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.compositeAttributeType

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case compositeAttributeType = 2100

## Discussion

Composite attributes support all attribute types except the following:

  * `NSAttributeType.undefinedAttributeType`

  * `NSAttributeType.objectIDAttributeType`

  * `NSAttributeType.binaryDataAttributeType` (when `allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage` is `true`)

For more information, see `NSCompositeAttributeDescription`.

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.dateAttributeType

An attribute that stores a date.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case dateAttributeType = 900

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.decimalAttributeType

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case decimalAttributeType = 400

## Discussion

Use instances of `NSDecimalNumber` when reading and writing attributes of this
type.

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.doubleAttributeType

An attribute that stores a double value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case doubleAttributeType = 500

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.floatAttributeType

An attribute that stores a float value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case floatAttributeType = 600

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.integer16AttributeType

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case integer16AttributeType = 100

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.integer32AttributeType

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case integer32AttributeType = 200

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.integer64AttributeType

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case integer64AttributeType = 300

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.objectIDAttributeType

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case objectIDAttributeType = 2000

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.stringAttributeType

An attribute that stores a string.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case stringAttributeType = 700

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.transformableAttributeType

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transformableAttributeType = 1800

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.undefinedAttributeType

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case undefinedAttributeType = 0

## Discussion

Use this attribute type with transient attributues only. Core Data manages the
attribute’s value and registers the necessary undo and redo actions.

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.URIAttributeType

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case URIAttributeType = 1200

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case UUIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Enumeration Case

# NSAttributeType.UUIDAttributeType

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case UUIDAttributeType = 1100

## See Also

### Attribute types

`case binaryDataAttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`case booleanAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`case compositeAttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`case dateAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`case decimalAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`case doubleAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`case floatAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`case integer16AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`case integer32AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`case integer64AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`case objectIDAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`case stringAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`case transformableAttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`case undefinedAttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`case URIAttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.



# NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousResult

Instance Property

# managedObjectContext

The managed object context for the result.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting the Result

`var operationError: (any Error)?`

An error that contains details if the asynchronous fetch request fails.

`var progress: Progress?`

An object that reports progress for the asynchronous fetch request.

Instance Property

# operationError

An error that contains details if the asynchronous fetch request fails.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var operationError: (any Error)? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting the Result

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context for the result.

`var progress: Progress?`

An object that reports progress for the asynchronous fetch request.

Instance Property

# progress

An object that reports progress for the asynchronous fetch request.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var progress: Progress? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting the Result

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context for the result.

`var operationError: (any Error)?`

An error that contains details if the asynchronous fetch request fails.

Instance Method

# cancel()

Cancels the asynchronous fetch request.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func cancel()

Type Alias

# NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousFetchResultCompletionBlock

A completion block that an asynchronous fetch request calls with a result.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    typealias NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousFetchResultCompletionBlock = (NSAsynchronousFetchResult<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Void

##  Parameters

`result`

    

The result of the fetch request.



# NSBatchDeleteResult

Instance Property

# result

The value the request returns after it executes.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var result: Any? { get }

## Discussion

Use `resultType` to determine the kind of value this property contains, and
then cast to the appropriate type as the following example shows:

## See Also

### Accessing the Result

`var resultType: NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType`

The data type of the request’s result value.

`enum NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType`

The types of result a batch delete request can provide when it executes.

Instance Property

# resultType

The data type of the request’s result value.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType { get }

## Discussion

This property’s value is set to the request’s `resultType` property.

## See Also

### Accessing the Result

`var result: Any?`

The value the request returns after it executes.

`enum NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType`

The types of result a batch delete request can provide when it executes.



# NSFetchIndexDescription

Initializer

# init(name:elements:)

Creates a fetch index description using the specified name and element
descriptions.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        name: String,
        elements: [NSFetchIndexElementDescription]?
    )

##  Parameters

`name`

    

The name of the fetch index description.

`elements`

    

An array of fetch index element descriptions.

Instance Property

# elements

An array of fetch index element descriptions.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var elements: [NSFetchIndexElementDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

Setting this property to an invalid value throws an exception, such as when
the new value includes both R-tree and non-R-tree elements.

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Description

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description for the fetch index description.

`var name: String`

The name of the fetch index description.

`var partialIndexPredicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that selects rows for indexing, if the index is a partial index.

Instance Property

# entity

The entity description for the fetch index description.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var entity: NSEntityDescription? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Description

`var elements: [NSFetchIndexElementDescription]`

An array of fetch index element descriptions.

`var name: String`

The name of the fetch index description.

`var partialIndexPredicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that selects rows for indexing, if the index is a partial index.

Instance Property

# name

The name of the fetch index description.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String { get set }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Description

`var elements: [NSFetchIndexElementDescription]`

An array of fetch index element descriptions.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description for the fetch index description.

`var partialIndexPredicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that selects rows for indexing, if the index is a partial index.

Instance Property

# partialIndexPredicate

A predicate that selects rows for indexing, if the index is a partial index.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @NSCopying
    var partialIndexPredicate: NSPredicate? { get set }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Description

`var elements: [NSFetchIndexElementDescription]`

An array of fetch index element descriptions.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description for the fetch index description.

`var name: String`

The name of the fetch index description.



# NSCompositeAttributeDescription

Instance Property

# elements

The composed attribute descriptions.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var elements: [NSAttributeDescription] { get set }



# NSDeleteRule

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.noActionDeleteRule

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case noActionDeleteRule = 0

## Discussion

If you use this delete rule, make sure you delete any referenced managed
objects or nullify their inverse relationships. Otherwise, those objects will
reference an object that doesn’t exist, and your persistent store will be in
an inconsistent state.

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case nullifyDeleteRule`

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

`case cascadeDeleteRule`

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

`case denyDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.nullifyDeleteRule

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case nullifyDeleteRule = 1

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case noActionDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

`case cascadeDeleteRule`

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

`case denyDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.cascadeDeleteRule

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case cascadeDeleteRule = 2

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case noActionDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

`case nullifyDeleteRule`

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

`case denyDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.denyDeleteRule

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case denyDeleteRule = 3

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case noActionDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

`case nullifyDeleteRule`

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

`case cascadeDeleteRule`

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.noActionDeleteRule

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case noActionDeleteRule = 0

## Discussion

If you use this delete rule, make sure you delete any referenced managed
objects or nullify their inverse relationships. Otherwise, those objects will
reference an object that doesn’t exist, and your persistent store will be in
an inconsistent state.

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case nullifyDeleteRule`

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

`case cascadeDeleteRule`

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

`case denyDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.nullifyDeleteRule

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case nullifyDeleteRule = 1

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case noActionDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

`case cascadeDeleteRule`

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

`case denyDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.cascadeDeleteRule

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case cascadeDeleteRule = 2

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case noActionDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

`case nullifyDeleteRule`

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

`case denyDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

Enumeration Case

# NSDeleteRule.denyDeleteRule

A rule that prevents the deletion of the owning managed object if the
relationship has references to other objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case denyDeleteRule = 3

## See Also

### Delete Rules

`case noActionDeleteRule`

A rule that prevents modification of the referenced managed objects.

`case nullifyDeleteRule`

A rule that nullifies the inverse relationship of the referenced managed
objects.

`case cascadeDeleteRule`

A rule that deletes the referenced managed objects.



# NSMappingModel

Initializer

# init(from:forSourceModel:destinationModel:)

Returns the mapping model that will translate data from the source to the
destination model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init?(
        from bundles: [Bundle]?,
        forSourceModel sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel?,
        destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel?
    )

##  Parameters

`bundles`

    

An array of bundles in which to search for mapping models.

`sourceModel`

    

The managed object model for the source store.

`destinationModel`

    

The managed object model for the destination store.

## Return Value

Returns the mapping model to translate data from `sourceModel` to
`destinationModel`. If a suitable mapping model cannot be found, returns
`nil`.

## Discussion

This method is a companion to the `mergedModel(from:)` and
`mergedModel(from:forStoreMetadata:)` methods. In this case, the framework
uses the version information from the models to locate the appropriate mapping
model in the available bundles.

## See Also

### Creating a Mapping

`class func inferredMappingModel(forSourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel,
destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel) -> NSMappingModel`

Returns a newly created mapping model that will migrate data from the source
to the destination model.

`init?(contentsOf: URL?)`

Returns a mapping model initialized from a given URL.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Type Method

# inferredMappingModel(forSourceModel:destinationModel:)

Returns a newly created mapping model that will migrate data from the source
to the destination model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func inferredMappingModel(
        forSourceModel sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel,
        destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel
    ) throws -> NSMappingModel

##  Parameters

`source`

    

The source managed object model.

`destination`

    

The destination managed object model.

`error`

    

If a problem occurs, on return contains an `NSInferredMappingModelError` error
that describes the problem.

The error’s user info will contain additional details about why inferring the
mapping model failed (check for the following keys: `reason`, `entity`,
`property`.

## Return Value

A newly-created mapping model to migrate data from the source to the
destination model. If the mapping model can not be created, returns `nil`.

## Discussion

A model will be created only if all changes are simple enough to be able to
reasonably infer a mapping (for example, removing or renaming an attribute,
adding an optional attribute or relationship, or adding renaming or deleting
an entity). Element IDs are used to track renamed properties and entities.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Creating a Mapping

`init?(from: [Bundle]?, forSourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel?,
destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel?)`

Returns the mapping model that will translate data from the source to the
destination model.

`init?(contentsOf: URL?)`

Returns a mapping model initialized from a given URL.

Initializer

# init(contentsOf:)

Returns a mapping model initialized from a given URL.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init?(contentsOf url: URL?)

##  Parameters

`url`

    

The location of an archived mapping model.

## Return Value

A mapping model initialized from `url`.

## See Also

### Creating a Mapping

`init?(from: [Bundle]?, forSourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel?,
destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel?)`

Returns the mapping model that will translate data from the source to the
destination model.

`class func inferredMappingModel(forSourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel,
destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel) -> NSMappingModel`

Returns a newly created mapping model that will migrate data from the source
to the destination model.

Instance Property

# entityMappings

The entity mappings for the mapping model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityMappings: [NSEntityMapping]! { get set }

## Discussion

The order of the mappings in the array determines the order in which they will
be processed during migration.

## See Also

### Managing Entity Mappings

`var entityMappingsByName: [String : NSEntityMapping]`

The entity mappings for the mapping model, keyed by name.

Instance Property

# entityMappingsByName

The entity mappings for the mapping model, keyed by name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityMappingsByName: [String : NSEntityMapping] { get }

## See Also

### Managing Entity Mappings

`var entityMappings: [NSEntityMapping]!`

The entity mappings for the mapping model.



# NSFetchRequestResultType

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a fetch request result type using the specified raw value.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 7.1+

    
    
    init(rawValue: UInt)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw unsigned integer value.

Type Property

# managedObjectResultType

The request returns managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# managedObjectIDResultType

The request returns managed object IDs.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# dictionaryResultType

The request returns dictionaries.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## Discussion

See also `includesPendingChanges` and `propertiesToFetch`.

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# countResultType

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a fetch request result type using the specified raw value.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 7.1+

    
    
    init(rawValue: UInt)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw unsigned integer value.

Type Property

# managedObjectResultType

The request returns managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# managedObjectIDResultType

The request returns managed object IDs.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# dictionaryResultType

The request returns dictionaries.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## Discussion

See also `includesPendingChanges` and `propertiesToFetch`.

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# countResultType

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a fetch request result type using the specified raw value.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 7.1+

    
    
    init(rawValue: UInt)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw unsigned integer value.

Type Property

# managedObjectResultType

The request returns managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# managedObjectIDResultType

The request returns managed object IDs.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# dictionaryResultType

The request returns dictionaries.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## Discussion

See also `includesPendingChanges` and `propertiesToFetch`.

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

Type Property

# countResultType

The request returns the count of the objects that match the request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var countResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Result Types

`static var managedObjectResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed objects.

`static var managedObjectIDResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns managed object IDs.

`static var dictionaryResultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The request returns dictionaries.



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType.events

The persistent CloudKit container events that match the event request.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case events = 0

## See Also

### Result Types

`case countEvents`

The number of CloudKit container events that match the event request.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType.countEvents

The number of CloudKit container events that match the event request.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case countEvents = 1

## See Also

### Result Types

`case events`

The persistent CloudKit container events that match the event request.



# NSMigrationStage

Instance Property

# label

The textual description of the migration stage’s purpose.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var label: String! { get set }

## Discussion

Persistent history tracking, if enabled, records the label for later use. The
default value is an empty string.



# Persistent history

Class

# NSPersistentHistoryToken

A bookmark for keeping track the most recent history that you’ve processed.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class NSPersistentHistoryToken : NSObject

## Overview

You can save a token to disk and fetch history when your app loads based on
that token. See Keep track of the most recent history in Consuming relevant
store changes.

## Relationships

### Inherits From

  * `NSObject`

### Conforms To

  * `NSCopying`
  * `NSSecureCoding`



# NSPersistentStoreRequestType

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreRequestType.fetchRequestType

Specifies that the request returns managed objects.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case fetchRequestType = 1

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreRequestType.saveRequestType

Specifies that the request saves managed objects.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case saveRequestType = 2

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreRequestType.batchInsertRequestType

A request that inserts data into a persistent store using a batch of managed
objects or dictionaries.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case batchInsertRequestType = 5

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreRequestType.batchUpdateRequestType

A request that updates data for multiple managed objects in a persistent
store.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case batchUpdateRequestType = 6

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreRequestType.batchDeleteRequestType

A request that deletes data for multiple managed objects from a persistent
store.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case batchDeleteRequestType = 7



# NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

Type Property

# binaryData

An attribute that stores binary data.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# boolean

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# composite

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## Discussion

Composite attributes support all attribute types except the following:

  * `undefined`

  * `objectID`

  * `binaryData` (when `allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage` is `true`)

For more information, see `NSCompositeAttributeDescription`.

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# date

An attribute that stores a date.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# decimal

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## Discussion

Use instances of `NSDecimalNumber` when reading and writing attributes of this
type.

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# double

An attribute that stores a double value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# float

An attribute that stores a float value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# integer16

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# integer32

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# integer64

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# objectID

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# string

An attribute that stores a string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# transformable

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# undefined

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## Discussion

Use this attribute type with transient attributues only. Core Data manages the
attribute’s value and registers the necessary undo and redo actions.

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# uri

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# uuid

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates an attribute type using the specified raw value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    init(rawValue: NSAttributeType)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw attribute type. For possible values, see `NSAttributeType`.

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

Instance Property

# rawValue

The attribute type’s cardinal value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var rawValue: NSAttributeType

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

## See Also

### Getting an Attribute Type’s Raw Value

`typealias NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType.RawValue`

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

Type Alias

# NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType.RawValue

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    typealias NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType.RawValue = NSAttributeType

## See Also

### Getting an Attribute Type’s Raw Value

`var rawValue: NSAttributeType`

The attribute type’s cardinal value.

Instance Property

# hashValue

The attribute type’s computed hash value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var hashValue: Int { get }

## See Also

### Hashing an Attribute Type

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the components of the attribute type using the provided hasher.

Instance Method

# hash(into:)

Hashes the components of the attribute type using the provided hasher.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher)

##  Parameters

`hasher`

    

The hasher to use when combining components of this attribute type.

## See Also

### Hashing an Attribute Type

`var hashValue: Int`

The attribute type’s computed hash value.

Operator

# !=(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static func != (lhs: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType, rhs: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

A value to compare.

`rhs`

    

Another value to compare.

## Discussion

Inequality is the inverse of equality. For any values `a` and `b`, `a != b`
implies that `a == b` is `false`.

This is the default implementation of the not-equal-to operator (`!=`) for any
type that conforms to `Equatable`.

Type Property

# binaryData

An attribute that stores binary data.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# boolean

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# composite

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## Discussion

Composite attributes support all attribute types except the following:

  * `undefined`

  * `objectID`

  * `binaryData` (when `allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage` is `true`)

For more information, see `NSCompositeAttributeDescription`.

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# date

An attribute that stores a date.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# decimal

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## Discussion

Use instances of `NSDecimalNumber` when reading and writing attributes of this
type.

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# double

An attribute that stores a double value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# float

An attribute that stores a float value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# integer16

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# integer32

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# integer64

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# objectID

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# string

An attribute that stores a string.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# transformable

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# undefined

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## Discussion

Use this attribute type with transient attributues only. Core Data manages the
attribute’s value and registers the necessary undo and redo actions.

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# uri

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

Type Property

# uuid

An attribute that stores a universally unique identifier.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let uuid: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType

## See Also

### Attribute Types

`static let binaryData: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores binary data.

`static let boolean: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a Boolean value.

`static let composite: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that derives its value by composing other attributes.

`static let date: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a date.

`static let decimal: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a decimal value.

`static let double: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a double value.

`static let float: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a float value.

`static let integer16: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 16-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer32: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 32-bit signed integer value.

`static let integer64: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a 64-bit signed integer value.

`static let objectID: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a managed object’s ID.

`static let string: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a string.

`static let transformable: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that uses a value transformer to derive its value.

`static let undefined: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that doesn’t have an explicit type.

`static let uri: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

An attribute that stores a uniform resource identifier.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates an attribute type using the specified raw value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    init(rawValue: NSAttributeType)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw attribute type. For possible values, see `NSAttributeType`.

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

Instance Property

# rawValue

The attribute type’s cardinal value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var rawValue: NSAttributeType

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

## See Also

### Getting an Attribute Type’s Raw Value

`typealias NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType.RawValue`

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

Type Alias

# NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType.RawValue

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    typealias NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType.RawValue = NSAttributeType

## See Also

### Getting an Attribute Type’s Raw Value

`var rawValue: NSAttributeType`

The attribute type’s cardinal value.

Instance Property

# hashValue

The attribute type’s computed hash value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var hashValue: Int { get }

## See Also

### Hashing an Attribute Type

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the components of the attribute type using the provided hasher.

Instance Method

# hash(into:)

Hashes the components of the attribute type using the provided hasher.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher)

##  Parameters

`hasher`

    

The hasher to use when combining components of this attribute type.

## See Also

### Hashing an Attribute Type

`var hashValue: Int`

The attribute type’s computed hash value.

Operator

# !=(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static func != (lhs: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType, rhs: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

A value to compare.

`rhs`

    

Another value to compare.

## Discussion

Inequality is the inverse of equality. For any values `a` and `b`, `a != b`
implies that `a == b` is `false`.

This is the default implementation of the not-equal-to operator (`!=`) for any
type that conforms to `Equatable`.



# NSFetchedResultsController

Initializer

# init(fetchRequest:managedObjectContext:sectionNameKeyPath:cacheName:)

Returns a fetch request controller initialized using the given arguments.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>,
        managedObjectContext context: NSManagedObjectContext,
        sectionNameKeyPath: String?,
        cacheName name: String?
    )

##  Parameters

`fetchRequest`

    

The fetch request used to get the objects.

The fetch request must have at least one sort descriptor. If the controller
generates sections, the first sort descriptor in the array is used to group
the objects into sections; its key must either be the same as
`sectionNameKeyPath` or the relative ordering using its key must match that
using `sectionNameKeyPath`.

Important

You must not modify `fetchRequest` after invoking this method. For example,
you must not change its predicate or the sort orderings.

`context`

    

The managed object against which `fetchRequest` is executed.

`sectionNameKeyPath`

    

A key path on result objects that returns the section name. Pass `nil` to
indicate that the controller should generate a single section.

The section name is used to pre-compute the section information.

If this key path is not the same as that specified by the first sort
descriptor in `fetchRequest`, they must generate the same relative orderings.
For example, the first sort descriptor in `fetchRequest` might specify the key
for a persistent property; `sectionNameKeyPath` might specify a key for a
transient property derived from the persistent property.

`name`

    

The name of the cache file the receiver should use. Pass `nil` to prevent
caching.

Pre-computed section info is cached to a private directory under this name. If
Core Data finds a cache stored with this name, it is checked to see if it
matches the `fetchRequest`. If it does, the cache is loaded directly—this
avoids the overhead of computing the section and index information. If the
cached information doesn’t match the request, the cache is deleted and
recomputed when the fetch happens.

## Return Value

The receiver initialized with the specified fetch request, context, key path,
and cache name.

## See Also

### Initializing a Fetched Results Controller

`func performFetch()`

Executes the controller’s fetch request.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Method

# performFetch()

Executes the controller’s fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func performFetch() throws

## Discussion

After you execute this method, access the controller’s fetched objects using
the `fetchedObjects` property.

Important

If you specify a value for the `sectionNameKeyPath` parameter when you
initialize the fetched results controller, the fetch request must include a
sort descriptor for the corresponding key path; otherwise, the fetch fails.

## See Also

### Initializing a Fetched Results Controller

`init(fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>, managedObjectContext:
NSManagedObjectContext, sectionNameKeyPath: String?, cacheName: String?)`

Returns a fetch request controller initialized using the given arguments.

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The fetch request used to do the fetching.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType> { get }

## Discussion

If you want to modify the fetch request, you must follow the steps described
in Modifying the fetch request.

## See Also

### Getting Configuration Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context used to fetch objects.

`var sectionNameKeyPath: String?`

The key path of the attribute that determines which section the fetched entity
belongs to.

`var cacheName: String?`

The name of the file used to cache section information.

`var delegate: (any NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate)?`

The object that is notified when the fetched results changed.

`class func deleteCache(withName: String?)`

Deletes the cached section information with the given name.

### Related Documentation

`init(fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>, managedObjectContext:
NSManagedObjectContext, sectionNameKeyPath: String?, cacheName: String?)`

Returns a fetch request controller initialized using the given arguments.

Instance Property

# managedObjectContext

The managed object context used to fetch objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext { get }

## Discussion

The controller registers to listen to change notifications on this context and
properly update its result set and section information.

## See Also

### Getting Configuration Information

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The fetch request used to do the fetching.

`var sectionNameKeyPath: String?`

The key path of the attribute that determines which section the fetched entity
belongs to.

`var cacheName: String?`

The name of the file used to cache section information.

`var delegate: (any NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate)?`

The object that is notified when the fetched results changed.

`class func deleteCache(withName: String?)`

Deletes the cached section information with the given name.

Instance Property

# sectionNameKeyPath

The key path of the attribute that determines which section the fetched entity
belongs to.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sectionNameKeyPath: String? { get }

## Discussion

This property returns the value you specify for the `sectionNameKeyPath`
parameter when you initialize the fetched results controller.

If the controller generates sections, typically this property’s value matches
the specified key path of the first sort descriptor in the controller’s fetch
request. If the two key paths don’t match, then they must generate the same
relative ordering. For example, the fetch request’s first sort descriptor
might specify the key path of a persistent attribute, but `sectionNameKeyPath`
might specify the key path of a transient attribute that derives its value
from the persistent one.

## See Also

### Getting Configuration Information

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The fetch request used to do the fetching.

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context used to fetch objects.

`var cacheName: String?`

The name of the file used to cache section information.

`var delegate: (any NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate)?`

The object that is notified when the fetched results changed.

`class func deleteCache(withName: String?)`

Deletes the cached section information with the given name.

Instance Property

# cacheName

The name of the file used to cache section information.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var cacheName: String? { get }

## Discussion

The file itself is stored in a private directory; you can only access it by
name using `deleteCache(withName:)`

## See Also

### Getting Configuration Information

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The fetch request used to do the fetching.

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context used to fetch objects.

`var sectionNameKeyPath: String?`

The key path of the attribute that determines which section the fetched entity
belongs to.

`var delegate: (any NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate)?`

The object that is notified when the fetched results changed.

`class func deleteCache(withName: String?)`

Deletes the cached section information with the given name.

### Related Documentation

`init(fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>, managedObjectContext:
NSManagedObjectContext, sectionNameKeyPath: String?, cacheName: String?)`

Returns a fetch request controller initialized using the given arguments.

Instance Property

# delegate

The object that is notified when the fetched results changed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var delegate: (any NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate)? { get set }

## Discussion

If you do not specify a delegate, the controller does not track changes to
managed objects associated with its managed object context.

## See Also

### Getting Configuration Information

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The fetch request used to do the fetching.

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context used to fetch objects.

`var sectionNameKeyPath: String?`

The key path of the attribute that determines which section the fetched entity
belongs to.

`var cacheName: String?`

The name of the file used to cache section information.

`class func deleteCache(withName: String?)`

Deletes the cached section information with the given name.

Type Method

# deleteCache(withName:)

Deletes the cached section information with the given name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func deleteCache(withName name: String?)

##  Parameters

`name`

    

The name of the cache file to delete.

If `name` is `nil`, deletes all cache files.

## See Also

### Getting Configuration Information

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The fetch request used to do the fetching.

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context used to fetch objects.

`var sectionNameKeyPath: String?`

The key path of the attribute that determines which section the fetched entity
belongs to.

`var cacheName: String?`

The name of the file used to cache section information.

`var delegate: (any NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate)?`

The object that is notified when the fetched results changed.

Instance Property

# fetchedObjects

The results of the fetch.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchedObjects: [ResultType]? { get }

## Discussion

The value of the property is `nil` if `performFetch()` hasn’t been called.

The results array only includes instances of the entity specified by the fetch
request (`fetchRequest`) and that match its predicate. (If the fetch request
has no predicate, then the results array includes all instances of the entity
specified by the fetch request.)

The results array reflects the in-memory state of managed objects in the
controller’s managed object context, not their state in the persistent store.
The returned array does not, however, update as managed objects are inserted,
modified, or deleted.

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`func object(at: IndexPath) -> ResultType`

Returns the object at the given index path in the fetch results.

`func indexPath(forObject: ResultType) -> IndexPath?`

Returns the index path of a given object.

### Related Documentation

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

Instance Method

# object(at:)

Returns the object at the given index path in the fetch results.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func object(at indexPath: IndexPath) -> ResultType

##  Parameters

`indexPath`

    

An index path in the fetch results.

If `indexPath` does not describe a valid index path in the fetch results, an
exception is raised.

## Return Value

The object at a given index path in the fetch results.

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`var fetchedObjects: [ResultType]?`

The results of the fetch.

`func indexPath(forObject: ResultType) -> IndexPath?`

Returns the index path of a given object.

Instance Method

# indexPath(forObject:)

Returns the index path of a given object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func indexPath(forObject object: ResultType) -> IndexPath?

##  Parameters

`object`

    

An object in the receiver’s fetch results.

## Return Value

The index path of `object` in the receiver’s fetch results, or `nil` if
`object` could not be found.

## Discussion

In versions of iOS before 3.2, this method raises an exception if `object` is
not contained in the receiver’s fetch results.

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`var fetchedObjects: [ResultType]?`

The results of the fetch.

`func object(at: IndexPath) -> ResultType`

Returns the object at the given index path in the fetch results.

Instance Property

# sections

The sections for the fetch results.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sections: [any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo]? { get }

## Discussion

The objects in the sections array implement the `NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo`
protocol.

You typically use the sections array when implementing `UITableViewDataSource`
methods, such as `numberOfSections(in:)` and
`tableView(_:titleForHeaderInSection:)`.

## See Also

### Querying Section Information

`func section(forSectionIndexTitle: String, at: Int) -> Int`

Returns the section number for a given section title and index in the section
index.

Instance Method

# section(forSectionIndexTitle:at:)

Returns the section number for a given section title and index in the section
index.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func section(
        forSectionIndexTitle title: String,
        at sectionIndex: Int
    ) -> Int

##  Parameters

`title`

    

The title of a section

`sectionIndex`

    

The index of a section.

## Return Value

The section number for the given section title and index in the section index

## Discussion

You would typically call this method when executing `UITableViewDataSource`’s
`tableView(_:sectionForSectionIndexTitle:at:)` method.

## See Also

### Querying Section Information

`var sections: [any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo]?`

The sections for the fetch results.

Instance Method

# sectionIndexTitle(forSectionName:)

Returns the corresponding section index entry for a given section name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func sectionIndexTitle(forSectionName sectionName: String) -> String?

##  Parameters

`sectionName`

    

The name of a section.

## Return Value

The section index entry corresponding to the section with name `sectionName`.

## Discussion

The default implementation returns the capitalized first letter of the section
name.

You should override this method if you need a different way to convert from a
section name to its name in the section index.

### Special Considerations

You only need this method if you use a section index.

## See Also

### Configuring Section Information

`var sectionIndexTitles: [String]`

The array of section index titles.

Instance Property

# sectionIndexTitles

The array of section index titles.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sectionIndexTitles: [String] { get }

## Discussion

The default implementation returns the array created by calling
`sectionIndexTitle(forSectionName:)` on all the known sections. You should
override this method if you want to return a different array for the section
index.

### Special Considerations

You only need this method if you use a section index.

## See Also

### Configuring Section Information

`func sectionIndexTitle(forSectionName: String) -> String?`

Returns the corresponding section index entry for a given section name.



# NSPersistentHistoryChange

Type Property

# fetchRequest

A fetch request that has the persistent history change as the entity.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Metadata

`class var entityDescription: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description of the persistent history change entity.

`class func entityDescription(with: NSManagedObjectContext) ->
NSEntityDescription?`

Requests an entity description for the managed object type affected by the
change using the provided context.

Type Property

# entityDescription

The entity description of the persistent history change entity.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var entityDescription: NSEntityDescription? { get }

## Discussion

The entity description of a `NSPersistentHistoryChange`, includes its
properties, which can be useful for filtering your persistent history change
request.

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Metadata

`class var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

A fetch request that has the persistent history change as the entity.

`class func entityDescription(with: NSManagedObjectContext) ->
NSEntityDescription?`

Requests an entity description for the managed object type affected by the
change using the provided context.

Type Method

# entityDescription(with:)

Requests an entity description for the managed object type affected by the
change using the provided context.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func entityDescription(with context: NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSEntityDescription?

##  Parameters

`context`

    

The managed object context for this request.

## Return Value

The entity description (`NSEntityDescription`) of the persistent history
transaction entity.

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Metadata

`class var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

A fetch request that has the persistent history change as the entity.

`class var entityDescription: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description of the persistent history change entity.

Instance Property

# changeID

The change’s numeric identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var changeID: Int64 { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Details

`var changeType: NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The type of change to the managed object in the persistent store.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The types of changes to managed objects reflected in persistent history.

`var changedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The identifier of the managed object that changed.

`var tombstone: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of attributes marked for preservation after deletion, and their
values when deleted.

`var transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?`

The persistent history transaction containing this change.

`var updatedProperties: Set<NSPropertyDescription>?`

The set of properties that were updated on the managed object.

Instance Property

# changeType

The type of change to the managed object in the persistent store.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var changeType: NSPersistentHistoryChangeType { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Details

`var changeID: Int64`

The change’s numeric identifier.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The types of changes to managed objects reflected in persistent history.

`var changedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The identifier of the managed object that changed.

`var tombstone: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of attributes marked for preservation after deletion, and their
values when deleted.

`var transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?`

The persistent history transaction containing this change.

`var updatedProperties: Set<NSPropertyDescription>?`

The set of properties that were updated on the managed object.

Instance Property

# changedObjectID

The identifier of the managed object that changed.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @NSCopying
    var changedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Details

`var changeID: Int64`

The change’s numeric identifier.

`var changeType: NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The type of change to the managed object in the persistent store.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The types of changes to managed objects reflected in persistent history.

`var tombstone: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of attributes marked for preservation after deletion, and their
values when deleted.

`var transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?`

The persistent history transaction containing this change.

`var updatedProperties: Set<NSPropertyDescription>?`

The set of properties that were updated on the managed object.

Instance Property

# tombstone

A dictionary of attributes marked for preservation after deletion, and their
values when deleted.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var tombstone: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get }

## Discussion

This value is expected on changes of type
`NSPersistentHistoryChangeType.delete`.

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Details

`var changeID: Int64`

The change’s numeric identifier.

`var changeType: NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The type of change to the managed object in the persistent store.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The types of changes to managed objects reflected in persistent history.

`var changedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The identifier of the managed object that changed.

`var transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?`

The persistent history transaction containing this change.

`var updatedProperties: Set<NSPropertyDescription>?`

The set of properties that were updated on the managed object.

Instance Property

# transaction

The persistent history transaction containing this change.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Details

`var changeID: Int64`

The change’s numeric identifier.

`var changeType: NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The type of change to the managed object in the persistent store.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The types of changes to managed objects reflected in persistent history.

`var changedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The identifier of the managed object that changed.

`var tombstone: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of attributes marked for preservation after deletion, and their
values when deleted.

`var updatedProperties: Set<NSPropertyDescription>?`

The set of properties that were updated on the managed object.

Instance Property

# updatedProperties

The set of properties that were updated on the managed object.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var updatedProperties: Set<NSPropertyDescription>? { get }

## Discussion

This value is expected on changes of type
`NSPersistentHistoryChangeType.update`.

## See Also

### Inspecting Change Details

`var changeID: Int64`

The change’s numeric identifier.

`var changeType: NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The type of change to the managed object in the persistent store.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryChangeType`

The types of changes to managed objects reflected in persistent history.

`var changedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The identifier of the managed object that changed.

`var tombstone: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of attributes marked for preservation after deletion, and their
values when deleted.

`var transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?`

The persistent history transaction containing this change.



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event

Instance Property

# type

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var identifier: UUID`

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

`var storeIdentifier: String`

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

`var succeeded: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

`var startDate: Date`

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

`var endDate: Date?`

The end date of the operation that the event represents.

`var error: (any Error)?`

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

Instance Property

# identifier

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var identifier: UUID { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

`var storeIdentifier: String`

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

`var succeeded: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

`var startDate: Date`

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

`var endDate: Date?`

The end date of the operation that the event represents.

`var error: (any Error)?`

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

Instance Property

# storeIdentifier

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var storeIdentifier: String { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

`var identifier: UUID`

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

`var succeeded: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

`var startDate: Date`

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

`var endDate: Date?`

The end date of the operation that the event represents.

`var error: (any Error)?`

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

Instance Property

# succeeded

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var succeeded: Bool { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

`var identifier: UUID`

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

`var storeIdentifier: String`

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

`var startDate: Date`

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

`var endDate: Date?`

The end date of the operation that the event represents.

`var error: (any Error)?`

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

Instance Property

# startDate

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var startDate: Date { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

`var identifier: UUID`

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

`var storeIdentifier: String`

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

`var succeeded: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

`var endDate: Date?`

The end date of the operation that the event represents.

`var error: (any Error)?`

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

Instance Property

# endDate

The end date of the operation that the event represents.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var endDate: Date? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

`var identifier: UUID`

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

`var storeIdentifier: String`

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

`var succeeded: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

`var startDate: Date`

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

`var error: (any Error)?`

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

Instance Property

# error

An error that indicates why an operation fails.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var error: (any Error)? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Event Properties

`var type: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event, either setup, import, or export.

`var identifier: UUID`

A unique identifier for the event in a container.

`var storeIdentifier: String`

The associated store identifier in the container for the event.

`var succeeded: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the operation the event represents is
successful.

`var startDate: Date`

The start date of the operation that the event represents.

`var endDate: Date?`

The end date of the operation that the event represents.



# NSEntityMapping

Instance Property

# sourceEntityName

The source entity name for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sourceEntityName: String? { get set }

## Discussion

Mappings are not directly bound to entity descriptions; you can use the
`sourceEntity(for:)` method on the migration manager to retrieve the entity
description for this entity name.

## See Also

### Managing Source Information

`var sourceEntityVersionHash: Data?`

The version hash of the source entity for the entity mapping.

`var sourceExpression: NSExpression?`

The source expression for the entity mapping.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

`var destinationEntityName: String?`

The destination entity name for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# sourceEntityVersionHash

The version hash of the source entity for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sourceEntityVersionHash: Data? { get set }

## Discussion

The version hash is calculated by Core Data based on the property values of
the entity (see `NSEntityDescription`’s `versionHash` method). The
`sourceEntityVersionHash` must equal the version hash of the source entity
represented by the mapping.

## See Also

### Managing Source Information

`var sourceEntityName: String?`

The source entity name for the entity mapping.

`var sourceExpression: NSExpression?`

The source expression for the entity mapping.

### Related Documentation

`var destinationEntityVersionHash: Data?`

The version hash for the destination entity for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# sourceExpression

The source expression for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sourceExpression: NSExpression? { get set }

## Discussion

The source expression is used to obtain the collection of managed objects to
process through the mapping. The expression can be a fetch request expression,
or any other expression that evaluates to a collection.

## See Also

### Managing Source Information

`var sourceEntityName: String?`

The source entity name for the entity mapping.

`var sourceEntityVersionHash: Data?`

The version hash of the source entity for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# destinationEntityName

The destination entity name for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var destinationEntityName: String? { get set }

## Discussion

Mappings are not directly bound to entity descriptions. You can use the
migration manager’s `destinationEntity(for:)` method to retrieve the entity
description for this entity name.

## See Also

### Managing Destination Information

`var destinationEntityVersionHash: Data?`

The version hash for the destination entity for the entity mapping.

### Related Documentation

`var sourceEntityName: String?`

The source entity name for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# destinationEntityVersionHash

The version hash for the destination entity for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var destinationEntityVersionHash: Data? { get set }

## Discussion

The version hash is calculated by Core Data based on the property values of
the entity (see `NSEntityDescription`’s `versionHash` method). The
`destinationEntityVersionHash` must equal the version hash of the destination
entity represented by the mapping.

## See Also

### Managing Destination Information

`var destinationEntityName: String?`

The destination entity name for the entity mapping.

### Related Documentation

`var sourceEntityVersionHash: Data?`

The version hash of the source entity for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# name

The name of the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String! { get set }

## Discussion

The name is used only as a means of distinguishing mappings in a model. If not
specified, the value defaults to SOURCE->DESTINATION.

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Information

`var mappingType: NSEntityMappingType`

The mapping type for the entity mapping.

`var entityMigrationPolicyClassName: String?`

The class name of the migration policy for the entity mapping.

`var attributeMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of attribute mappings for the entity mapping.

`var relationshipMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of relationship mappings for the entity mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# mappingType

The mapping type for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var mappingType: NSEntityMappingType { get set }

## Discussion

If you specify a custom entity mapping type, you must specify a value for the
migration policy class name as well (see `entityMigrationPolicyClassName`).

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Information

`var name: String!`

The name of the entity mapping.

`var entityMigrationPolicyClassName: String?`

The class name of the migration policy for the entity mapping.

`var attributeMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of attribute mappings for the entity mapping.

`var relationshipMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of relationship mappings for the entity mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# entityMigrationPolicyClassName

The class name of the migration policy for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityMigrationPolicyClassName: String? { get set }

## Discussion

If not specified, the default migration class name is
`NSEntityMigrationPolicy`. You can specify a subclass to provide custom
behavior.

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Information

`var name: String!`

The name of the entity mapping.

`var mappingType: NSEntityMappingType`

The mapping type for the entity mapping.

`var attributeMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of attribute mappings for the entity mapping.

`var relationshipMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of relationship mappings for the entity mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# attributeMappings

The array of attribute mappings for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var attributeMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]? { get set }

## Discussion

The order of mappings in the array specifies the order in which the mappings
will be processed during a migration.

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Information

`var name: String!`

The name of the entity mapping.

`var mappingType: NSEntityMappingType`

The mapping type for the entity mapping.

`var entityMigrationPolicyClassName: String?`

The class name of the migration policy for the entity mapping.

`var relationshipMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of relationship mappings for the entity mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# relationshipMappings

The array of relationship mappings for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var relationshipMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]? { get set }

## Discussion

The order of mappings in the array specifies the order in which the mappings
will be processed during a migration.

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Information

`var name: String!`

The name of the entity mapping.

`var mappingType: NSEntityMappingType`

The mapping type for the entity mapping.

`var entityMigrationPolicyClassName: String?`

The class name of the migration policy for the entity mapping.

`var attributeMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of attribute mappings for the entity mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary for the entity mapping.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info dictionary for the entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

You can use the info dictionary in any way that might be useful in your
migration. You can set the contents of the dictionary directory or using the
appropriate inspector in the Xcode mapping model editor.

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Information

`var name: String!`

The name of the entity mapping.

`var mappingType: NSEntityMappingType`

The mapping type for the entity mapping.

`var entityMigrationPolicyClassName: String?`

The class name of the migration policy for the entity mapping.

`var attributeMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of attribute mappings for the entity mapping.

`var relationshipMappings: [NSPropertyMapping]?`

The array of relationship mappings for the entity mapping.

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.undefinedEntityMappingType

Specifies that the developer handles destination instance creation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case undefinedEntityMappingType = 0

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.customEntityMappingType

Specifies a custom mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case customEntityMappingType = 1

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.addEntityMappingType

Specifies that this is a new entity in the destination model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case addEntityMappingType = 2

## Discussion

Instances of the entity only exist in the destination.

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.removeEntityMappingType

Specifies that this entity is not present in the destination model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case removeEntityMappingType = 3

## Discussion

Instances of the entity only exist in the source—source instances are not
mapped to destination.

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.copyEntityMappingType

Specifies that source instances are migrated as-is.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case copyEntityMappingType = 4

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.transformEntityMappingType

Specifies that entity exists in source and destination and is mapped.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transformEntityMappingType = 5



# NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate

Instance Method

# controller(_:didChangeContentWith:)

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a diffable data source snapshot.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controller(
        _ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
        didChangeContentWith snapshot: NSDiffableDataSourceSnapshot
    )

## Discussion

To apply the changes, call `applySnapshot(_:animatingDifferences:)` on the
collection or table view’s data source.

If this method is implemented, no other delegate methods are invoked.

## See Also

### Responding to Changes

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: CollectionDifference<NSManagedObjectID>)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a collection difference.

`func controllerWillChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller is about to start
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: Any, at: IndexPath?, for: NSFetchedResultsChangeType, newIndexPath:
IndexPath?)`

Notifies the receiver that a fetched object has been changed due to an add,
remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo, atSectionIndex: Int, for:
NSFetchedResultsChangeType)`

Notifies the receiver of the addition or removal of a section.

`func controllerDidChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller has completed
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

Instance Method

# controller(_:didChangeContentWith:)

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a collection difference.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controller(
        _ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
        didChangeContentWith diff: CollectionDifference<NSManagedObjectID>
    )

## Discussion

This method is only invoked if the controller’s `sectionNameKeyPath` property
is `nil` and `controller(_:didChangeContentWith:)` is not implemented.

If this method is implemented, no other delegate methods are invoked.

## See Also

### Responding to Changes

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: NSDiffableDataSourceSnapshot)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a diffable data source snapshot.

`func controllerWillChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller is about to start
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: Any, at: IndexPath?, for: NSFetchedResultsChangeType, newIndexPath:
IndexPath?)`

Notifies the receiver that a fetched object has been changed due to an add,
remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo, atSectionIndex: Int, for:
NSFetchedResultsChangeType)`

Notifies the receiver of the addition or removal of a section.

`func controllerDidChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller has completed
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

Instance Method

# controllerWillChangeContent(_:)

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller is about to start
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controllerWillChangeContent(_ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>)

##  Parameters

`controller`

    

The fetched results controller that sent the message.

## Discussion

This method is invoked before all invocations of
`controller(_:didChange:at:for:newIndexPath:)` and
`controller(_:didChange:atSectionIndex:for:)` have been sent for a given
change event (such as the controller receiving a
`NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` notification).

## See Also

### Responding to Changes

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: NSDiffableDataSourceSnapshot)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a diffable data source snapshot.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: CollectionDifference<NSManagedObjectID>)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a collection difference.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: Any, at: IndexPath?, for: NSFetchedResultsChangeType, newIndexPath:
IndexPath?)`

Notifies the receiver that a fetched object has been changed due to an add,
remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo, atSectionIndex: Int, for:
NSFetchedResultsChangeType)`

Notifies the receiver of the addition or removal of a section.

`func controllerDidChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller has completed
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Method

# controller(_:didChange:at:for:newIndexPath:)

Notifies the receiver that a fetched object has been changed due to an add,
remove, move, or update.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controller(
        _ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
        didChange anObject: Any,
        at indexPath: IndexPath?,
        for type: NSFetchedResultsChangeType,
        newIndexPath: IndexPath?
    )

##  Parameters

`controller`

    

The fetched results controller that sent the message.

`anObject`

    

The object in controller’s fetched results that changed.

`indexPath`

    

The index path of the changed object (this value is `nil` for insertions).

`type`

    

The type of change. For valid values see `NSFetchedResultsChangeType`.

`newIndexPath`

    

The destination path for the object for insertions or moves (this value is
`nil` for a deletion).

## Discussion

The fetched results controller reports changes to its section before changes
to the fetch result objects.

Changes are reported with the following heuristics:

  * On add and remove operations, only the added/removed object is reported.

It’s assumed that all objects that come after the affected object are also
moved, but these moves are not reported.

  * A move is reported when the changed attribute on the object is one of the sort descriptors used in the fetch request.

An update of the object is assumed in this case, but no separate update
message is sent to the delegate.

  * An update is reported when an object’s state changes, but the changed attributes aren’t part of the sort keys. 

### Special Considerations

This method may be invoked many times during an update event (for example, if
you are importing data on a background thread and adding them to the context
in a batch). You should consider carefully whether you want to update the
table view on receipt of each message.

## See Also

### Responding to Changes

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: NSDiffableDataSourceSnapshot)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a diffable data source snapshot.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: CollectionDifference<NSManagedObjectID>)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a collection difference.

`func controllerWillChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller is about to start
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo, atSectionIndex: Int, for:
NSFetchedResultsChangeType)`

Notifies the receiver of the addition or removal of a section.

`func controllerDidChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller has completed
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

Instance Method

# controller(_:didChange:atSectionIndex:for:)

Notifies the receiver of the addition or removal of a section.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controller(
        _ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
        didChange sectionInfo: any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo,
        atSectionIndex sectionIndex: Int,
        for type: NSFetchedResultsChangeType
    )

##  Parameters

`controller`

    

The fetched results controller that sent the message.

`sectionInfo`

    

The section that changed.

`sectionIndex`

    

The index of the changed section.

`type`

    

The type of change (insert or delete). Valid values are
`NSFetchedResultsChangeType.insert` and `NSFetchedResultsChangeType.delete`.

## Discussion

The fetched results controller reports changes to its section before changes
to the fetched result objects.

### Special Considerations

This method may be invoked many times during an update event (for example, if
you are importing data on a background thread and adding them to the context
in a batch). You should consider carefully whether you want to update the
table view on receipt of each message.

## See Also

### Responding to Changes

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: NSDiffableDataSourceSnapshot)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a diffable data source snapshot.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: CollectionDifference<NSManagedObjectID>)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a collection difference.

`func controllerWillChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller is about to start
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: Any, at: IndexPath?, for: NSFetchedResultsChangeType, newIndexPath:
IndexPath?)`

Notifies the receiver that a fetched object has been changed due to an add,
remove, move, or update.

`func controllerDidChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller has completed
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

Instance Method

# controllerDidChangeContent(_:)

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller has completed
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controllerDidChangeContent(_ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>)

##  Parameters

`controller`

    

The fetched results controller that sent the message.

## Discussion

This method is invoked after all invocations of
`controller(_:didChange:at:for:newIndexPath:)` and
`controller(_:didChange:atSectionIndex:for:)` have been sent for a given
change event (such as the controller receiving a
`NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` notification).

## See Also

### Responding to Changes

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: NSDiffableDataSourceSnapshot)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a diffable data source snapshot.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChangeContentWith: CollectionDifference<NSManagedObjectID>)`

Notifies the receiver about changes to the content in the fetched results
controller, by using a collection difference.

`func controllerWillChangeContent(NSFetchedResultsController<any
NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Notifies the receiver that the fetched results controller is about to start
processing of one or more changes due to an add, remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: Any, at: IndexPath?, for: NSFetchedResultsChangeType, newIndexPath:
IndexPath?)`

Notifies the receiver that a fetched object has been changed due to an add,
remove, move, or update.

`func controller(NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
didChange: any NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo, atSectionIndex: Int, for:
NSFetchedResultsChangeType)`

Notifies the receiver of the addition or removal of a section.

Instance Method

# controller(_:sectionIndexTitleForSectionName:)

Returns the name for a given section.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    optional func controller(
        _ controller: NSFetchedResultsController<any NSFetchRequestResult>,
        sectionIndexTitleForSectionName sectionName: String
    ) -> String?

##  Parameters

`controller`

    

The fetched results controller that sent the message.

`sectionName`

    

The default name of the section.

## Return Value

The string to use as the name for the specified section.

## Discussion

This method does not enable change tracking. It is only needed if a section
index is used.

If the delegate doesn’t implement this method, the default implementation
returns the capitalized first letter of the section name (see
`sectionIndexTitle(forSectionName:)` in `NSFetchedResultsController`).



# NSPersistentContainer

Initializer

# init(name:)

Creates a container with the specified name.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(name: String)

##  Parameters

`name`

    

The name of the `NSPersistentContainer` object.

## Return Value

A persistent container initialized with the given name.

## Discussion

By default, the provided name value is used to name the persistent store and
is used to look up the name of the `NSManagedObjectModel` object to be used
with the `NSPersistentContainer` object.

## See Also

### Creating a Container

`init(name: String, managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel)`

Create a container with the specified name and managed object model.

Initializer

# init(name:managedObjectModel:)

Create a container with the specified name and managed object model.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        name: String,
        managedObjectModel model: NSManagedObjectModel
    )

##  Parameters

`name`

    

The name used by the persistent container.

`model`

    

The managed object model to be used by the persistent container.

## Return Value

A persistent container initialized with the given name and model.

## Discussion

By default, the provided name value of the container is used as the name of
the persisent store associated with the container. Passing in the
`NSManagedObjectModel` object overrides the lookup of the model by the
provided name value.

## See Also

### Creating a Container

`init(name: String)`

Creates a container with the specified name.

Instance Property

# managedObjectModel

The container’s managed object model.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## Discussion

This property contains a reference to the `NSManagedObjectModel` object
associated with this persistent container.

## See Also

### Getting the Container’s Configuration

`var name: String`

The container’s name.

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`

The container’s persistent store coordinator.

Instance Property

# name

The container’s name.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String { get }

## Discussion

This property is passed in as part of the initialization of the persistent
container. This name is used to locate the `NSManagedObjectModel` (if the
`NSManagedObjectModel` object is not passed in as part of the initialization)
and is used to name the persistent store.

## See Also

### Getting the Container’s Configuration

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The container’s managed object model.

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`

The container’s persistent store coordinator.

Instance Property

# persistentStoreCoordinator

The container’s persistent store coordinator.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator { get }

## Discussion

When the persistent container is initialized, it creates a persistent store
coordinator as part of that initialization. That persistent store coordinator
is referenced in this property.

## See Also

### Getting the Container’s Configuration

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The container’s managed object model.

`var name: String`

The container’s name.

Type Property

# defaultDirectoryURL

The location of the directory that contains the persistent stores.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    class var defaultDirectoryURL: URL { get }

## See Also

### Accessing the Default Directory

`class func defaultDirectoryURL() -> URL`

Returns the location of the directory that contains the persistent stores.

Type Method

# defaultDirectoryURL()

Returns the location of the directory that contains the persistent stores.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func defaultDirectoryURL() -> URL

## Return Value

An `NSURL` that references the directory in which the persistent store(s) will
be located or are currently located.

## Discussion

This method returns a platform-dependent `NSURL` at which the persistent
store(s) will be located or are currently located. This method can be
overridden in a subclass of `NSPersistentContainer`.

## See Also

### Accessing the Default Directory

`class var defaultDirectoryURL: URL`

The location of the directory that contains the persistent stores.

Instance Property

# persistentStoreDescriptions

The descriptions of the container’s persistent stores.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var persistentStoreDescriptions: [NSPersistentStoreDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

If you want to override the type (or types) of persistent store(s) used by the
persistent container, you can set this property with an array of
`NSPersistentStoreDescription` objects.

If you will be configuring custom persistent store descriptions, you must set
this property before calling `loadPersistentStores(completionHandler:)`.

## See Also

### Managing Persistent Stores

`func loadPersistentStores(completionHandler: (NSPersistentStoreDescription,
(any Error)?) -> Void)`

Loads the persistent stores.

Instance Method

# loadPersistentStores(completionHandler:)

Loads the persistent stores.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func loadPersistentStores(completionHandler block: @escaping (NSPersistentStoreDescription, (any Error)?) -> Void)

##  Parameters

`block`

    

Once the loading of the persistent stores has completed, this block will be
executed on the calling thread.

## Discussion

Once the persistent container has been initialized, you need to execute
`loadPersistentStores(completionHandler:)` to instruct the container to load
the persistent stores and complete the creation of the Core Data stack.

Once the completion handler has fired, the stack is fully initialized and is
ready for use. The completion handler will be called once for each persistent
store that is created.

If there is an error in the loading of the persistent stores, the `NSError`
value will be populated.

## See Also

### Managing Persistent Stores

`var persistentStoreDescriptions: [NSPersistentStoreDescription]`

The descriptions of the container’s persistent stores.

Instance Method

# newBackgroundContext()

Returns a new managed object context that executes on a private queue.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func newBackgroundContext() -> NSManagedObjectContext

## Return Value

A newly created private managed object context.

## Discussion

Invoking this method causes the persistent container to create and return a
new `NSManagedObjectContext` with the `concurrencyType` set to
`NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType.privateQueueConcurrencyType`. This new
context will be associated with the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` directly
and is set to consume `NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` broadcasts
automatically.

## See Also

### Acquiring Contexts

`var viewContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The main queue’s managed object context.

Instance Property

# viewContext

The main queue’s managed object context.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var viewContext: NSManagedObjectContext { get }

## Discussion

This property contains a reference to the `NSManagedObjectContext` that is
created and owned by the persistent container which is associated with the
main queue of the application. This context is created automatically as part
of the initialization of the persistent container.

This context is associated directly with the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`
and is non-generational by default.

## See Also

### Acquiring Contexts

`func newBackgroundContext() -> NSManagedObjectContext`

Returns a new managed object context that executes on a private queue.

Instance Method

# performBackgroundTask(_:)

Executes a closure on a private queue using an ephemeral managed object
context.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func performBackgroundTask(_ block: @escaping (NSManagedObjectContext) -> Void)

##  Parameters

`block`

    

A block that is executed by the persistent container against a newly created
private context. The private context is passed into the block as part of the
execution of the block.

## Discussion

Each time this method is invoked, the persistent container creates a new
`NSManagedObjectContext` with the `concurrencyType` set to
`NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType.privateQueueConcurrencyType`. The
persistent container then executes the passed in block against that newly
created context on the context’s private queue.

## See Also

### Performing Background Tasks

`func performBackgroundTask<T>((NSManagedObjectContext) -> T) -> T`

Generic Instance Method

# performBackgroundTask(_:)

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func performBackgroundTask<T>(_ block: @escaping (NSManagedObjectContext) throws -> T) async rethrows -> T

## See Also

### Performing Background Tasks

`func performBackgroundTask((NSManagedObjectContext) -> Void)`

Executes a closure on a private queue using an ephemeral managed object
context.



# NSSnapshotEventType

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a snapshot event using a raw value.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 7.1+

    
    
    init(rawValue: UInt)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw unsigned integer value for the snapshot event.

Type Property

# undoInsertion

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# undoDeletion

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# undoUpdate

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# rollback

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# refresh

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# mergePolicy

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a snapshot event using a raw value.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 7.1+

    
    
    init(rawValue: UInt)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw unsigned integer value for the snapshot event.

Type Property

# undoInsertion

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# undoDeletion

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# undoUpdate

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# rollback

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# refresh

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

Type Property

# mergePolicy

Specifies a change due to conflict resolution during a save operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var mergePolicy: NSSnapshotEventType { get }

## See Also

### Event Types

`static var undoInsertion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from insertion.

`static var undoDeletion: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to undo from deletion.

`static var undoUpdate: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to a property-level undo.

`static var rollback: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object context being rolled back.

`static var refresh: NSSnapshotEventType`

Specifies a change due to the managed object being refreshed.



# NSFetchedResultsSectionInfo

Instance Property

# numberOfObjects

The number of objects (rows) in the section.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var numberOfObjects: Int { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Accessing Objects

`var objects: [Any]?`

The array of objects in the section.

**Required**

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Property

# objects

The array of objects in the section.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objects: [Any]? { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Accessing Objects

`var numberOfObjects: Int`

The number of objects (rows) in the section.

**Required**

Instance Property

# name

The name of the section.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String { get }

**Required**

## See Also

### Accessing the Name and Title

`var indexTitle: String?`

The index title of the section.

**Required**

Instance Property

# indexTitle

The index title of the section.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var indexTitle: String? { get }

**Required**

## Discussion

This is used when displaying the index.

## See Also

### Accessing the Name and Title

`var name: String`

The name of the section.

**Required**



# NSManagedObjectID

Instance Property

# entity

The entity description associated with the object ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entity: NSEntityDescription { get }

## See Also

### Getting Managed Object ID Information

`var isTemporaryID: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the object ID is temporary.

`var persistentStore: NSPersistentStore?`

The persistent store that fetched the object for the object ID.

`func uriRepresentation() -> URL`

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the managed object.

Instance Property

# isTemporaryID

A Boolean value that indicates whether the object ID is temporary.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isTemporaryID: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is temporary, otherwise `false`. Most object IDs return
`false`. New objects inserted into a managed object context are assigned a
temporary ID which is replaced with a permanent one once the object gets saved
to a persistent store.

## See Also

### Getting Managed Object ID Information

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description associated with the object ID.

`var persistentStore: NSPersistentStore?`

The persistent store that fetched the object for the object ID.

`func uriRepresentation() -> URL`

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

Instance Property

# persistentStore

The persistent store that fetched the object for the object ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    weak var persistentStore: NSPersistentStore? { get }

## Discussion

`nil` if the ID is for a newly-inserted object that has not yet been saved to
a persistent store.

## See Also

### Getting Managed Object ID Information

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description associated with the object ID.

`var isTemporaryID: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the object ID is temporary.

`func uriRepresentation() -> URL`

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

Instance Method

# uriRepresentation()

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func uriRepresentation() -> URL

## Return Value

An `NSURL` object containing a URI that provides an archiveable reference to
the object which the receiver represents.

## Discussion

If the corresponding managed object has not yet been saved, the object ID (and
hence URI) is a temporary value that will change when the corresponding
managed object is saved.

## See Also

### Getting Managed Object ID Information

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description associated with the object ID.

`var isTemporaryID: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the object ID is temporary.

`var persistentStore: NSPersistentStore?`

The persistent store that fetched the object for the object ID.

### Related Documentation

`func managedObjectID(forURIRepresentation: URL) -> NSManagedObjectID?`

Returns the object identifier for the specified URI representation.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.



# NSFetchRequest

Initializer

# init()

Creates a new fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()

## See Also

### Managing the Fetch Request’s Entity

`init(entityName: String)`

Initializes a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

`var entityName: String?`

The name of the entity the request is configured to fetch.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity specified for the fetch request.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request includes subentities
in the results.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

Initializer

# init(entityName:)

Initializes a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(entityName: String)

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of the entity to fetch.

## Return Value

A fetch request configured to fetch using the entity named `entityName`.

## Discussion

This method provides a convenient way to configure the entity for a fetch
request without having to retrieve an `NSEntityDescription` object. When the
fetch is executed, the request uses the managed object context to find the
entity with the given name. The model associated with the context’s persistent
store coordinator must contain an entity named `entityName`.

## See Also

### Managing the Fetch Request’s Entity

`init()`

Creates a new fetch request.

`var entityName: String?`

The name of the entity the request is configured to fetch.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity specified for the fetch request.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request includes subentities
in the results.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

### Related Documentation

`+ fetchRequestWithEntityName:`

Returns a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

Instance Property

# entityName

The name of the entity the request is configured to fetch.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityName: String? { get }

## Discussion

The entity name property is populated whenever the NSFetchRequest is created
with `init(entityName:)` or `fetchRequestWithEntityName:`.

## See Also

### Managing the Fetch Request’s Entity

`init()`

Creates a new fetch request.

`init(entityName: String)`

Initializes a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity specified for the fetch request.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request includes subentities
in the results.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

### Related Documentation

`+ fetchRequestWithEntityName:`

Returns a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

Instance Property

# entity

The entity specified for the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entity: NSEntityDescription? { get set }

## Discussion

When an `NSFetchRequest` instance is created with `init()`, it is expected
that the `entity` property will be set. If this property is not set, the fetch
request fails upon execution.

## See Also

### Managing the Fetch Request’s Entity

`init()`

Creates a new fetch request.

`init(entityName: String)`

Initializes a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

`var entityName: String?`

The name of the entity the request is configured to fetch.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request includes subentities
in the results.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

### Related Documentation

`+ fetchRequestWithEntityName:`

Returns a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

Instance Property

# includesSubentities

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request includes subentities
in the results.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var includesSubentities: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

The value is `true` if the request will include all subentities of the entity
for the request; otherwise it is `false`. The default is `true`.

## See Also

### Managing the Fetch Request’s Entity

`init()`

Creates a new fetch request.

`init(entityName: String)`

Initializes a fetch request configured with a given entity name.

`var entityName: String?`

The name of the entity the request is configured to fetch.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity specified for the fetch request.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

Instance Property

# predicate

The predicate of the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var predicate: NSPredicate? { get set }

## Discussion

The predicate instance constrains the selection of objects the
`NSFetchRequest` instance is to fetch.

If the predicate is empty—for example, if it is an `AND` predicate whose array
of elements contains no predicates—the request has its predicate set to `nil`.
For more about predicates, see Predicate Programming Guide.

## See Also

### Specifying Fetch Constraints

`var fetchLimit: Int`

The fetch limit of the fetch request.

`var fetchOffset: Int`

The fetch offset of the fetch request.

`var fetchBatchSize: Int`

The batch size of the objects specified in the fetch request.

`var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]?`

An array of persistent stores specified for the fetch request.

`class NSFetchRequestExpression`

An expression that evaluates the result of a fetch request on a managed object
context.

`class NSExpressionDescription`

An object that describes an expression to include with a fetch request.

`class NSFetchedPropertyDescription`

A description object used to define which properties are fetched from Core
Data.

Instance Property

# fetchLimit

The fetch limit of the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchLimit: Int { get set }

## Discussion

The fetch limit specifies the maximum number of objects that a request should
return when executed.

If you set a fetch limit, the framework makes a best effort to improve
efficiency, but does not guarantee it. For every object store except the SQL
store, a fetch request executed with a fetch limit in effect simply performs
an unlimited fetch and throws away the unasked for rows.

## See Also

### Specifying Fetch Constraints

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

The predicate of the fetch request.

`var fetchOffset: Int`

The fetch offset of the fetch request.

`var fetchBatchSize: Int`

The batch size of the objects specified in the fetch request.

`var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]?`

An array of persistent stores specified for the fetch request.

`class NSFetchRequestExpression`

An expression that evaluates the result of a fetch request on a managed object
context.

`class NSExpressionDescription`

An object that describes an expression to include with a fetch request.

`class NSFetchedPropertyDescription`

A description object used to define which properties are fetched from Core
Data.

Instance Property

# fetchOffset

The fetch offset of the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchOffset: Int { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `0`.

This setting allows you to specify an offset at which rows will begin being
returned. Effectively, the request skips the specified number of matching
entries. For example, given a fetch that typically returns `a, b, c, d`,
specifying an offset of 1 will return `b, c, d`, and an offset of 4 will
return an empty array. Offsets are ignored in nested requests such as
subqueries.

This property can be used to restrict the working set of data. In combination
with `fetchLimit`, you can create a subrange of an arbitrary result set.

## See Also

### Specifying Fetch Constraints

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

The predicate of the fetch request.

`var fetchLimit: Int`

The fetch limit of the fetch request.

`var fetchBatchSize: Int`

The batch size of the objects specified in the fetch request.

`var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]?`

An array of persistent stores specified for the fetch request.

`class NSFetchRequestExpression`

An expression that evaluates the result of a fetch request on a managed object
context.

`class NSExpressionDescription`

An object that describes an expression to include with a fetch request.

`class NSFetchedPropertyDescription`

A description object used to define which properties are fetched from Core
Data.

Instance Property

# fetchBatchSize

The batch size of the objects specified in the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchBatchSize: Int { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `0`. A batch size of `0` is treated as infinite, which
disables the batch fetching behavior.

If you set a nonzero batch size, the collection of objects returned when an
instance of `NSFetchRequest` is executed is broken into batches. When the
fetch is executed, the entire request is evaluated and the identities of all
matching objects recorded, but only data for objects up to the `batchSize`
will be fetched from the persistent store at a time. The array returned from
executing the request is a proxy object that transparently fetches subsequent
batches on demand. (In database terms, this is an in-memory cursor.)

You can use this feature to restrict the working set of data in your
application. In combination with `fetchLimit`, you can create a subrange of an
arbitrary result set.

### Special Considerations

For purposes of thread safety, when the fetch is executed, consider the array
proxy returned as being owned by the managed object context the request is
executed against. Treat the array proxy as if it were a managed object
registered with that context.

## See Also

### Specifying Fetch Constraints

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

The predicate of the fetch request.

`var fetchLimit: Int`

The fetch limit of the fetch request.

`var fetchOffset: Int`

The fetch offset of the fetch request.

`var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]?`

An array of persistent stores specified for the fetch request.

`class NSFetchRequestExpression`

An expression that evaluates the result of a fetch request on a managed object
context.

`class NSExpressionDescription`

An object that describes an expression to include with a fetch request.

`class NSFetchedPropertyDescription`

A description object used to define which properties are fetched from Core
Data.

Instance Property

# affectedStores

An array of persistent stores specified for the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]? { get set }

## Discussion

The contents of the array are the identifiers for the stores to be searched
when the fetch request is executed.

## See Also

### Specifying Fetch Constraints

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

The predicate of the fetch request.

`var fetchLimit: Int`

The fetch limit of the fetch request.

`var fetchOffset: Int`

The fetch offset of the fetch request.

`var fetchBatchSize: Int`

The batch size of the objects specified in the fetch request.

`class NSFetchRequestExpression`

An expression that evaluates the result of a fetch request on a managed object
context.

`class NSExpressionDescription`

An object that describes an expression to include with a fetch request.

`class NSFetchedPropertyDescription`

A description object used to define which properties are fetched from Core
Data.

Instance Property

# sortDescriptors

The sort descriptors of the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sortDescriptors: [NSSortDescriptor]? { get set }

## Discussion

The sort descriptors specify how the objects returned when the
`NSFetchRequest` is issued should be ordered—for example, by last name and
then by first name. The sort descriptors are applied in the order in which
they appear in the `sortDescriptors` array (serially in lowest-array-index-
first order).

A value of `nil` is treated as no sort descriptors.

Instance Property

# relationshipKeyPathsForPrefetching

The relationship key paths to prefetch along with the entity for the request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var relationshipKeyPathsForPrefetching: [String]? { get set }

## Discussion

This property is an array of relationship key-path strings in NSKeyValueCoding
notation (as you typically use with `value(forKeyPath:)`). The default value
is an empty array (no prefetching).

Prefetching allows Core Data to obtain related objects in a single fetch (per
entity), rather than incurring subsequent access to the store for each
individual record as their faults are tripped. For example, given an Employee
entity with a relationship to a Department entity, suppose you fetch all the
employees, and then for each print out their name and the name of the
department to which they belong. In this case, a fault might be fired for each
individual Department object. This can represent a significant overhead. You
can avoid this by prefetching the department relationship in the Employee
fetch, as illustrated in Listing 1.

(For more details, see Core Data Performance in Core Data Programming Guide)

Instance Property

# resultType

The result type of the fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `managedObjectResultType`.

If you set the value to `managedObjectIDResultType`, and do not include
property values in the request, sort orderings are demoted to “best efforts”
hints.

`includesPendingChanges` discusses with whether pending changes are taken into
account when the `resultType` is set to `managedObjectResultType`.

`includesPropertyValues` discusses whether property values are included or not
by default when the `resultType` is set to `managedObjectResultType`.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Instance Property

# includesPendingChanges

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var includesPendingChanges: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is `true` if when the fetch is executed, the fetch will match
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context; otherwise the
value is `false`. The default value is `true`.

If the value is `false`, the fetch request doesn't check unsaved changes and
only returns objects that matched the predicate in the persistent store.

### Special Considerations

A value of `true` is not supported in conjunction with the result type
`dictionaryResultType`, including calculation of aggregate results (such as
`max` and `min`). For dictionaries, the array returned from the fetch reflects
the current state in the persistent store, and does not take into account any
pending changes, insertions, or deletions in the context.

If you need to take pending changes into account for some simple aggregations
like `max` and `min`, you can instead use a normal fetch request, sorted on
the attribute you want, with a fetch limit of 1.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Instance Property

# propertiesToFetch

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertiesToFetch: [Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

Property descriptions can either be instances of `NSPropertyDescription` or
`NSString`. The property descriptions may represent attributes, to-one
relationships, or expressions. The name of an attribute or relationship
description must match the name of a description on the fetch request’s
entity.

### Special Considerations

You must set the entity for the fetch request before setting this value;
otherwise, `NSFetchRequest` throws an `invalidArgumentException` exception.

This property can be set with `managedObjectResultType` and thereby implement
a partial faulting (whereby only some of the properties are populated) of the
returned objects, as well as the `dictionaryResultType` to define what
properties are included in the resulting `NSDictionary`.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Instance Property

# returnsDistinctResults

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var returnsDistinctResults: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is used only if a value has been set for `propertiesToFetch`.

This value is `true` if when the fetch is executed, it returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`; otherwise, the value
is `false`. The default value is `false`.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Instance Property

# includesPropertyValues

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var includesPropertyValues: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is `true` if when the fetch is executed, property data is obtained
from the persistent store; otherwise it is `false`. The default value is
`true`.

You can set `includesPropertyValues` to `false` to avoid creating objects to
represent property values and thereby reduce memory overhead. You typically
should only do so, however, if you are sure that you will not need the actual
property data, or you already have the information in the row cache.
Otherwise, you will incur multiple trips to the database.

During a normal fetch (`includesPropertyValues` is `true`), Core Data fetches
the object ID _and_ property data for the matching records, fills the row
cache with the information, and returns managed objects as faults (see
`returnsObjectsAsFaults`). Although these faults are managed objects, all of
their property data still resides in the row cache until the fault is fired.
When the fault is fired, Core Data retrieves the data from the row cache—there
is no need to go back to the database.

If `includesPropertyValues` is `false`, then Core Data fetches _only_ the
object ID information for the matching records—it does not populate the row
cache. Core Data still returns managed objects because it only needs managed
object IDs to create faults. However, if you subsequently fire the fault, Core
Data looks in the (empty) row cache, doesn't find any data, and then goes back
to the store a second time for the data.

If `includesPropertyValues` is `true` and `resultType` is set to
`managedObjectIDResultType`, the properties are fetched even though they are
not being presented to the application and can result in a significant
performance penalty.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Instance Property

# shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is `true` if the property values of fetched objects will be updated
with the current values in the persistent store; otherwise, it is `false`.

By default when you fetch objects, they maintain their current property
values, even if the values in the persistent store have changed. Invoking this
method with the parameter `true` means that when the fetch is executed, the
property values of fetched objects are updated with the current values in the
persistent store. This is a more convenient way to ensure that managed object
property values are consistent with the store than by using
`refresh(_:mergeChanges:)` (`NSManagedObjetContext`) for multiple objects in
turn.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Instance Property

# returnsObjectsAsFaults

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This value is `true` if the objects resulting from a fetch using the
`NSFetchRequest` are faults; otherwise, it is `false`. The default value is
`true`. This setting is not used if the result type (see `resultType`) is
`NSManagedObjectIDResultType`, as object IDs do not have property values. You
can set `returnsObjectsAsFaults` to `false` to gain a performance benefit if
you know you will need to access the property values from the returned
objects.

When you execute a fetch, by default `returnsObjectsAsFaults` is `true`; Core
Data fetches the object data for the matching records, fills the row cache
with the information, and returns managed object as faults. These faults are
managed objects, but all of their property data resides in the row cache until
the fault is fired. When the fault is fired, Core Data retrieves the data from
the row cache. Although the overhead for this operation is small, for large
datasets it may not be trivial. If you _need_ to access the property values
from the returned objects (for example, if you iterate over all the objects to
calculate the average value of a particular attribute), then it is more
efficient to set `returnsObjectsAsFaults` to `false` to avoid the additional
overhead.

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

`protocol NSFetchRequestResult`

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

Protocol

# NSFetchRequestResult

An abstract protocol used with parameterized fetch requests.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    protocol NSFetchRequestResult

## Relationships

### Inherits From

  * `NSObjectProtocol`

### Conforming Types

  * `NSDictionary`
  * `NSManagedObject`
  * `NSManagedObjectID`
  * `NSNumber`

## See Also

### Managing How Results Are Returned

`var resultType: NSFetchRequestResultType`

The result type of the fetch request.

`var includesPendingChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, it matches
against currently unsaved changes in the managed object context.

`var propertiesToFetch: [Any]?`

A collection of either property descriptions or string property names that
specify which properties should be returned by the fetch.

`var returnsDistinctResults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the fetch request returns only distinct
values for the fields specified by `propertiesToFetch`.

`var includesPropertyValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether, when the fetch is executed, property
data is obtained from the persistent store.

`var shouldRefreshRefetchedObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the property values of fetched objects
will be updated with the current values in the persistent store.

`var returnsObjectsAsFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the objects resulting from a fetch
request are faults.

`struct NSFetchRequestResultType`

Constants that specify the possible result types a fetch request can return.

Instance Property

# propertiesToGroupBy

An array of objects that indicates how data should be grouped before a select
statement is run in a SQL database.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertiesToGroupBy: [Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

An array of `NSPropertyDescription` or `NSExpressionDescription` objects or
key-path strings that indicate how data should be grouped before a select
statement is run in an SQL database.

If you use this setting, you must set the `resultType` to
`dictionaryResultType`, and the SELECT values must be literals, aggregates, or
columns specified in `propertiesToGroupBy`.

Aggregates will operate on the groups specified in `propertiesToGroupBy `

rather than the whole table. If you set `propertiesToGroupBy`, you can also
set a predicate to filter rows that are returned by `propertiesToGroupBy`.

See `havingPredicate`.

## See Also

### Grouping and Filtering Dictionary Results

`var havingPredicate: NSPredicate?`

The predicate used to filter rows being returned by a query containing a GROUP
BY directive.

Instance Property

# havingPredicate

The predicate used to filter rows being returned by a query containing a GROUP
BY directive.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var havingPredicate: NSPredicate? { get set }

## Discussion

If a `havingPredicate` value is supplied, the predicate will be run after
``.Specifying a `havingPredicate` requires that `propertiesToGroupBy` also be
specified.

## See Also

### Grouping and Filtering Dictionary Results

`var propertiesToGroupBy: [Any]?`

An array of objects that indicates how data should be grouped before a select
statement is run in a SQL database.

### Related Documentation

`class NSFetchRequest`

A description of search criteria used to retrieve data from a persistent
store.

Instance Method

# execute()

Executes the fetch request against the managed object context that is
associated with the current queue.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func execute() throws -> [ResultType]

## Discussion

Calling `execute` on an `NSFetchRequest` will cause the `NSFetchRequest` to
run against the managed object context (`NSManagedObjectContext`) that is
associated with the queue on which the `execute` is called.



# NSPersistentHistoryResult

Instance Property

# result

The result of the history request determined by the persistent history result
type.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var result: Any? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting History Results

`var resultType: NSPersistentHistoryResultType`

The type of result that the persistent history change request returns.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryResultType`

The types of results from a persistent history change request.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that the persistent history change request returns.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSPersistentHistoryResultType { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting History Results

`var result: Any?`

The result of the history request determined by the persistent history result
type.

`enum NSPersistentHistoryResultType`

The types of results from a persistent history change request.



# NSLightweightMigrationStage

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a lightweight migration stage with the specified version checksums.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    convenience init(_ checksums: [String])

##  Parameters

`checksums`

    

The array of version checksums.

## Discussion

To determine an object model’s version checksum, use its `versionChecksum`
property. Alternatively, you can find the checksum in the versioned model’s
`VersionInfo.plist` file or in Xcode’s build log.

Instance Property

# versionChecksums

The array of version checksums.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionChecksums: [String] { get }

## Discussion

Core Data sets this property to the `checksums` parameter you specify when
creating the lightweight migration stage.



# NSDerivedAttributeDescription

Instance Property

# derivationExpression

An expression for generating derived data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var derivationExpression: NSExpression? { get set }

## Discussion

When using derived attributes in an SQL store, this expression should be

  * a keypath expression (including @operation components)

a function expression using one of the predefined functions defined in
`NSExpression`

Any keypaths used in the expression must be accessible from the entity on
which the derived attribute is specified.

If you try to add a store to a coordinator whose model contains derived
attributes of a type not supported by the store, the add fails and throws an
error.

Instance Property

# derivationExpression

An expression for generating derived data.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var derivationExpression: NSExpression? { get set }

## Discussion

When using derived attributes in an SQL store, this expression should be

  * a keypath expression (including @operation components)

a function expression using one of the predefined functions defined in
`NSExpression`

Any keypaths used in the expression must be accessible from the entity on
which the derived attribute is specified.

If you try to add a store to a coordinator whose model contains derived
attributes of a type not supported by the store, the add fails and throws an
error.



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainer

Instance Method

# record(for:)

Returns the CloudKit record for the specified managed object ID.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func record(for managedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecord?

##  Parameters

`managedObjectID`

    

The ID of the managed object.

## Return Value

An instance of `CKRecord` if the managed object has an underlying CloudKit
record; otherwise, `nil`.

## See Also

### Accessing Records

`func records(for: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecord]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit records for the specified
managed object IDs.

`func recordID(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecordID?`

Returns the CloudKit record ID for the specified managed object ID.

`func recordIDs(for: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecordID]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit record IDs for the specified
managed object IDs.

Instance Method

# records(for:)

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit records for the specified
managed object IDs.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func records(for managedObjectIDs: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecord]

##  Parameters

`managedObjectIDs`

    

An array of managed object IDs.

## Return Value

A dictionary that uses `managedObjectIDs` as its keys, and each object’s
underlying `CKRecord` as its values. The dictionary excludes IDs that don’t
have a CloudKit record.

## See Also

### Accessing Records

`func record(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecord?`

Returns the CloudKit record for the specified managed object ID.

`func recordID(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecordID?`

Returns the CloudKit record ID for the specified managed object ID.

`func recordIDs(for: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecordID]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit record IDs for the specified
managed object IDs.

Instance Method

# recordID(for:)

Returns the CloudKit record ID for the specified managed object ID.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func recordID(for managedObjectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecordID?

##  Parameters

`managedObjectID`

    

The ID of the managed object.

## Return Value

An instance of `CKRecord.ID` if the managed object has an underlying CloudKit
record; otherwise, `nil`.

## See Also

### Accessing Records

`func record(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecord?`

Returns the CloudKit record for the specified managed object ID.

`func records(for: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecord]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit records for the specified
managed object IDs.

`func recordIDs(for: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecordID]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit record IDs for the specified
managed object IDs.

Instance Method

# recordIDs(for:)

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit record IDs for the specified
managed object IDs.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func recordIDs(for managedObjectIDs: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecordID]

##  Parameters

`managedObjectIDs`

    

An array of the managed object IDs.

## Return Value

A dictionary that uses `managedObjectIDs` as its keys, and the `CKRecord.ID`
of each object’s underlying CloudKit record as its values. The dictionary
excludes IDs that don’t have a CloudKit record.

## See Also

### Accessing Records

`func record(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecord?`

Returns the CloudKit record for the specified managed object ID.

`func records(for: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKRecord]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the CloudKit records for the specified
managed object IDs.

`func recordID(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> CKRecordID?`

Returns the CloudKit record ID for the specified managed object ID.

Instance Method

# canUpdateRecord(forManagedObjectWith:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can modify the managed
object’s underlying CloudKit record.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func canUpdateRecord(forManagedObjectWith objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

The ID of the managed object.

## Return Value

`true` if the user can modify the CloudKit record; otherwise, `false`.

## Discussion

This method returns `true` if `canModifyManagedObjects(in:)` returns `true`
and any of the following conditions are true:

  * `objectID` is a temporary object identifier.

  * The persistent store that contains the managed object isn’t using CloudKit.

  * The persistent store manages the user’s private database.

  * The persistent store manages the public database, and the user owns the underlying record or Core Data has yet to save the managed object to iCloud.

  * The persistent store manages the shared database, and the user has the necessary permissions to update the managed object’s underlying record. For more information, see `CKShare.ParticipantPermission`.

## See Also

### Checking Permissions

`func canDeleteRecord(forManagedObjectWith: NSManagedObjectID) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can delete the managed
object’s underlying CloudKit record.

`func canModifyManagedObjects(in: NSPersistentStore) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can modify the
specified persistent store.

Instance Method

# canDeleteRecord(forManagedObjectWith:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can delete the managed
object’s underlying CloudKit record.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func canDeleteRecord(forManagedObjectWith objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

The ID of the managed object.

## Return Value

`true` if the user can delete the CloudKit record; otherwise, `false`.

## Discussion

This method returns `true` if `canModifyManagedObjects(in:)` returns `true`
and any of the following conditions are true:

  * `objectID` is a temporary object identifier.

  * The persistent store that contains the managed object isn’t using CloudKit.

  * The persistent store manages the user’s private database.

  * The persistent store manages the public database, and the user owns the underlying record or Core Data has yet to save the managed object to iCloud.

  * The persistent store manages the shared database, and the user has the necessary permissions to delete the managed object’s underlying record. For more information, see `CKShare.ParticipantPermission`.

## See Also

### Checking Permissions

`func canUpdateRecord(forManagedObjectWith: NSManagedObjectID) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can modify the managed
object’s underlying CloudKit record.

`func canModifyManagedObjects(in: NSPersistentStore) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can modify the
specified persistent store.

Instance Method

# canModifyManagedObjects(in:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can modify the
specified persistent store.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func canModifyManagedObjects(in store: NSPersistentStore) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`store`

    

The persistent store.

## Return Value

`true` if the user can modify records in the persistent store’s CloudKit
database; otherwise, `false`.

## Discussion

Use this method to determine whether the user is able to write any records to
the CloudKit database. To find out if the user can modify a specific object,
use the `canUpdateRecord(forManagedObjectWith:)` and
`canDeleteRecord(forManagedObjectWith:)` methods instead.

This method always returns `true` for persistent stores that manage the user’s
private CloudKit database.

## See Also

### Checking Permissions

`func canUpdateRecord(forManagedObjectWith: NSManagedObjectID) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can modify the managed
object’s underlying CloudKit record.

`func canDeleteRecord(forManagedObjectWith: NSManagedObjectID) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the user can delete the managed
object’s underlying CloudKit record.

Article

# Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

## Overview

When the user accepts an invitation to participate in a CloudKit share, the
system passes that share’s metadata to your app’s scene delegate for
processing. To receive this metadata in a SwiftUI app:

  1. Add a scene delegate — an object that conforms to `UIWindowSceneDelegate` — that’s responsible for passing the accepted share metadata to your app’s persistent container.

  2. Add an application delegate — an object that conforms to `UIApplicationDelegate` — that configures new scenes to use your custom scene delegate class.

  3. Modify your app’s `App` structure to use `UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor` to initialize and manage an application delegate at runtime.

### Add a Scene Delegate to Process Share Invitations

In response to the user accepting a CloudKit share invitation, the system
routes that action, for processing, to the delegate of the app’s active scene.
SwiftUI apps don’t contain a scene delegate by default, but you can add one,
and use it to implement the `windowScene(_:userDidAcceptCloudKitShareWith:)`
method. Your implementation is responsible for passing the provided share
metadata to your app’s persistent container for processing.

To create the scene delegate, right-click your project in Xcode’s Project
navigator and select New File. Choose the Swift File template and name the
file `SceneDelegate.swift`. Open the new file in Xcode’s source editor and
define the `SceneDelegate` class as a subclass of `UIResponder` that adopts
the `UIWindowSceneDelegate` protocol. Within this class, add your
implementation of `windowScene(_:userDidAcceptCloudKitShareWith:)`, as shown
in the following example.

The example above uses a `CoreDataStack` object that manages the
initialization of the persistent container, and the private and shared
persistent stores. For a reference implementation, see the sample code project
Synchronizing a local store to the cloud.

### Add an Application Delegate to Configure New Scenes

Before an app connects a new scene, the system asks the application delegate
to provide the configuration for the new scene, including the class to use as
its own delegate. By providing this configuration, your app can use your
custom delegate implementation and correctly process accepted CloudKit share
invitations. Because SwiftUI apps don’t include an application delegate, you
need to add one to your app’s target.

Right-click your project in Xcode’s Project navigator and select New File.
Choose the Swift File template and name the file `AppDelegate.swift`. Open the
new file in Xcode’s source editor and add the following code, which configures
each new scene to use the custom `SceneDelegate` class from the previous
section.

For more information on scene configuration, see
`application(_:configurationForConnecting:options:)`.

### Modify Your App to Utilize the Application Delegate

After you add the scene and application delegates to your app’s target, use
the `UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor` property wrapper to instruct your app’s
top-level object — the structure that adopts SwiftUI’s `App` protocol — to
initialize and manage an instance of the application delegate at runtime, as
shown in the following example.

With this change in place, whenever the user accepts a CloudKit share
invitation, SwiftUI notifies the active scene’s delegate where you can process
the accepted invitation accordingly.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

`func acceptShareInvitations(from: [CKShareMetadata], into: NSPersistentStore,
completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

`func fetchParticipants(matching: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo], into:
NSPersistentStore, completion: ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

`func fetchShares(in: NSPersistentStore?) -> [CKShare]`

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

`func fetchShares(matching: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID :
CKShare]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

`func persistUpdatedShare(CKShare, in: NSPersistentStore, completion:
((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

`func share([NSManagedObject], to: CKShare?, completion:
(Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Instance Method

# acceptShareInvitations(from:into:completion:)

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func acceptShareInvitations(
        from metadata: [CKShareMetadata],
        into persistentStore: NSPersistentStore,
        completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`metadata`

    

An array of share metadata. For more information, see `CKShare.Metadata`.

`persistentStore`

    

The persistent store that provides the CloudKit container’s identifier. The
store must have the `CKDatabase.Scope.shared` database scope. For more
information, see `NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions`.

`completion`

    

The handler to invoke after you process the specified invitations.

## Discussion

Concurrency Note

You can call this method from synchronous code using a completion handler, as
shown on this page, or you can call it as an asynchronous method that has the
following declaration:

For information about concurrency and asynchronous code in Swift, see Calling
Objective-C APIs Asynchronously.

`completion` returns no value and takes the following parameters:

  * An array of accepted share metadata

  * An error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil` if the method successfully accepts all invitations

You typically call this method from your scene delegate’s
`windowScene(_:userDidAcceptCloudKitShareWith:)` method. For SwiftUI apps,
there are additional steps you need to complete before you can do this. For
more information, see Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App.

Note

To be able to accept the share invitations, this method requires an active
network connection. It executes a number of CloudKit operations, and imports
any shared records into the relevant persistent stores, so it may take some
time to complete.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

`func fetchParticipants(matching: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo], into:
NSPersistentStore, completion: ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

`func fetchShares(in: NSPersistentStore?) -> [CKShare]`

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

`func fetchShares(matching: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID :
CKShare]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

`func persistUpdatedShare(CKShare, in: NSPersistentStore, completion:
((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

`func share([NSManagedObject], to: CKShare?, completion:
(Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Instance Method

# fetchParticipants(matching:into:completion:)

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fetchParticipants(
        matching lookupInfos: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo],
        into persistentStore: NSPersistentStore,
        completion: @escaping ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void
    )

##  Parameters

`lookupInfos`

    

An array of criteria that CloudKit uses to find participants. For more
information, see `CKUserIdentity.LookupInfo`.

`persistentStore`

    

The persistent store that provides the CloudKit container’s identifier. For
more information, see `NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions`.

`completion`

    

The handler to invoke after the method fetches participants.

## Discussion

Concurrency Note

You can call this method from synchronous code using a completion handler, as
shown on this page, or you can call it as an asynchronous method that has the
following declaration:

For information about concurrency and asynchronous code in Swift, see Calling
Objective-C APIs Asynchronously.

`completion` returns no value and takes the following parameters:

  * An array of fetched participants. For more information, see `CKShare.Participant`.

  * An error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil` if the method successfully fetches participants.

Note

To fetch participants, this method executes operations against `CKContainer`,
and requires an active network connection.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

`func acceptShareInvitations(from: [CKShareMetadata], into: NSPersistentStore,
completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

`func fetchShares(in: NSPersistentStore?) -> [CKShare]`

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

`func fetchShares(matching: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID :
CKShare]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

`func persistUpdatedShare(CKShare, in: NSPersistentStore, completion:
((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

`func share([NSManagedObject], to: CKShare?, completion:
(Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Instance Method

# fetchShares(in:)

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fetchShares(in persistentStore: NSPersistentStore?) throws -> [CKShare]

##  Parameters

`persistentStore`

    

The persistent store that contains the share records. Use `nil` to fetch share
records from each of the persistent container’s stores.

`error`

    

On return, an error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil`
if the method successfully fetches all share records.

## Return Value

An array of `CKShare` objects. If the fetch is successful, but Core Data
doesn’t find any share records, the method returns an empty array.

## Discussion

Use a fetched share record to manage its participants and their permissions,
or assign data directly to it. A share record is a subclass of `CKRecord`,
which means you can store any data you choose in the underlying record to meet
your specific needs. For more information, see `CKShare`.

If you modify a share record, you must save it using the
`persistUpdatedShare(_:in:completion:)` method.

Note

This method fetches known share records only. It doesn’t attempt to discover
additional record zones or share records in the persistent store’s CloudKit
database.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

`func acceptShareInvitations(from: [CKShareMetadata], into: NSPersistentStore,
completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

`func fetchParticipants(matching: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo], into:
NSPersistentStore, completion: ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

`func fetchShares(matching: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID :
CKShare]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

`func persistUpdatedShare(CKShare, in: NSPersistentStore, completion:
((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

`func share([NSManagedObject], to: CKShare?, completion:
(Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Instance Method

# fetchShares(matching:)

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fetchShares(matching objectIDs: [NSManagedObjectID]) throws -> [NSManagedObjectID : CKShare]

##  Parameters

`objectIDs`

    

An array of managed object IDs.

`error`

    

On return, an error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil`
if the method successfully fetches the share records.

## Return Value

A dictionary that uses `objectIDs` as its keys, and the associated share
records as its values.

## Discussion

If a specified managed object doesn’t belong to a shared record zone, or if
Core Data has yet to save the object to iCloud and, therefore, its record zone
is unknown, the returned dictionary doesn’t include it.

Use a fetched share record to manage its participants and their permissions,
or assign data directly to it. A share record is a subclass of `CKRecord`,
which means you can store any data you choose in the underlying record to meet
your specific needs. For more information, see `CKShare`.

If you modify a share record, you must save it using the
`persistUpdatedShare(_:in:completion:)` method.

Note

This method fetches known share records only. It doesn’t attempt to discover
additional record zones or share records in any of the persistent container’s
CloudKit databases.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

`func acceptShareInvitations(from: [CKShareMetadata], into: NSPersistentStore,
completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

`func fetchParticipants(matching: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo], into:
NSPersistentStore, completion: ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

`func fetchShares(in: NSPersistentStore?) -> [CKShare]`

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

`func persistUpdatedShare(CKShare, in: NSPersistentStore, completion:
((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

`func share([NSManagedObject], to: CKShare?, completion:
(Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Instance Method

# persistUpdatedShare(_:in:completion:)

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func persistUpdatedShare(
        _ share: CKShare,
        in persistentStore: NSPersistentStore,
        completion: ((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`share`

    

The share record to save.

`persistentStore`

    

The persistent store that provides the database scope and the CloudKit
container’s identifier. For more information, see
`NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions`.

`completion`

    

The handler to invoke after the export finishes.

## Discussion

Concurrency Note

You can call this method from synchronous code using a completion handler, as
shown on this page, or you can call it as an asynchronous method that has the
following declaration:

For information about concurrency and asynchronous code in Swift, see Calling
Objective-C APIs Asynchronously.

`completion` returns no value and takes the following parameters:

  * The saved share record, or `nil` if the save fails.

  * An error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil` if the share record saves successfully.

Core Data saves the share to the persistent store before this method returns,
but doesn’t invoke the completion handler until after the export finishes.

Important

Whenever you modify a share record, save the changes using this method to keep
the record and the local store’s metadata in sync.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

`func acceptShareInvitations(from: [CKShareMetadata], into: NSPersistentStore,
completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

`func fetchParticipants(matching: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo], into:
NSPersistentStore, completion: ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

`func fetchShares(in: NSPersistentStore?) -> [CKShare]`

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

`func fetchShares(matching: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID :
CKShare]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

`func share([NSManagedObject], to: CKShare?, completion:
(Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Instance Method

# share(_:to:completion:)

Associates the specified managed objects with a new or existing share record.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func share(
        _ managedObjects: [NSManagedObject],
        to share: CKShare?,
        completion: @escaping (Set<NSManagedObjectID>?, CKShare?, CKContainer?, (any Error)?) -> Void
    )

##  Parameters

`managedObjects`

    

The managed objects to share.

`share`

    

A share record that identifies an existing shared record zone to associate the
managed objects with. Use `nil` to create a new shared record zone that
contains only the specified managed objects and doesn’t have any participants.

`completion`

    

The handler to invoke after Core Data shares the managed objects.

## Discussion

Concurrency Note

You can call this method from synchronous code using a completion handler, as
shown on this page, or you can call it as an asynchronous method that has the
following declaration:

For information about concurrency and asynchronous code in Swift, see Calling
Objective-C APIs Asynchronously.

`completion` returns no value and takes the following parameters:

  * The IDs of the shared objects.

  * The share record. For more information, see `CKShare`.

  * The CloudKit container of the database that stores the shared record zone. For more information, see `CKContainer`.

  * An error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil` if the managed objects share successfully.

When you invoke this method, Core Data performs a deep traversal among the
specified managed objects and adds any related object to the share.

Sharing fails if any of the following conditions apply:

  * Any objects in `managedObjects`, or those the traversal finds, belong to an existing share record.

  * Any objects in `managedObjects` belong to a persistent store that doesn’t support sharing, such as those you configure with the `CKDatabase.Scope.public` database scope.

  * The current device state doesn’t supporting shared, such as when there isn’t an active iCloud account.

You can use `completion` directly with the `init(preparationHandler:)` method
of `UICloudSharingController`, as the following example shows.

## See Also

### Sharing Objects

Accepting Share Invitations in a SwiftUI App

Adapt your app to use UIKit’s application and scene delegates so it can
process CloudKit share invitations.

`func acceptShareInvitations(from: [CKShareMetadata], into: NSPersistentStore,
completion: (([CKShareMetadata]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Accepts one or more invitations to participate in sharing using the specified
metadata.

`func fetchParticipants(matching: [CKUserIdentityLookupInfo], into:
NSPersistentStore, completion: ([CKShareParticipant]?, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Fetches all participants that match the specified critieria.

`func fetchShares(in: NSPersistentStore?) -> [CKShare]`

Returns an array that contains all share records in the specified persistent
store.

`func fetchShares(matching: [NSManagedObjectID]) -> [NSManagedObjectID :
CKShare]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the share records that CloudKit associates
with specified managed object IDs.

`func persistUpdatedShare(CKShare, in: NSPersistentStore, completion:
((CKShare?, (any Error)?) -> Void)?)`

Saves the share record and schedules it for export to iCloud.

Instance Method

# purgeObjectsAndRecordsInZone(with:in:completion:)

Deletes all CloudKit records in the specified record zone, along with their
corresponding managed objects.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func purgeObjectsAndRecordsInZone(
        with zoneID: CKRecordZoneID,
        in persistentStore: NSPersistentStore?,
        completion: ((CKRecordZoneID?, (any Error)?) -> Void)? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`zoneID`

    

The ID of the record zone to purge.

`persistentStore`

    

The persistent store that manages the CloudKit database containing the record
zone. Use `nil` to attempt the purge in each of the container’s persistent
stores that manages a CloudKit database.

`completion`

    

The handler to invoke after Core Data purges the CloudKit records and managed
objects.

## Discussion

Concurrency Note

You can call this method from synchronous code using a completion handler, as
shown on this page, or you can call it as an asynchronous method that has the
following declaration:

For information about concurrency and asynchronous code in Swift, see Calling
Objective-C APIs Asynchronously.

`completion` returns no value and takes the following parameters:

  * The ID of the purged record zone, or `nil` if the purge fails.

  * An error object that contains information about a problem, or `nil` if Core Data successfully purges the record zone.

If `persistentStore` is `nil`, the method invokes the completion handler once
for each of the persistent container’s stores that manages a CloudKit
database.

Instance Method

# initializeCloudKitSchema(options:)

Creates the CloudKit schema for all stores in the container that manage a
CloudKit database.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func initializeCloudKitSchema(options: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerSchemaInitializationOptions = []) throws

##  Parameters

`options`

    

The options to use when creating the CloudKit schema.

## Return Value

`true` if the operations succeed; otherwise, `false`. If the operations fail,
the `error` parameter holds the underlying error.

## Discussion

To create the schema, this method creates a set of representative `CKRecord`
instances for all stores in the container that use Core Data with CloudKit,
and uploads them to CloudKit. These records have a representative value for
every field Core Data might serialize for the specified managed object model.
After successfully uploading the records, the schema is visible in the
CloudKit Dashboard and the container deletes the representative records.

Note

This method also validates the managed object model in use for a store, so if
the model isn’t valid for use with CloudKit, a validation error may return.

## See Also

### Promoting Your Schema

`struct NSPersistentCloudKitContainerSchemaInitializationOptions`

Options that control the behavior when promoting the container’s schema to
CloudKit.

Type Property

# eventChangedNotification

A notification that contains details about an event in a persistent CloudKit
container.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class let eventChangedNotification: NSNotification.Name

## See Also

### Monitoring Container Events

`class NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event`

An object that represents activity in a persistent CloudKit container.

`enum NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event in a persistent CloudKit container, either setup, import, or
export.

`class NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventRequest`

A request to fetch setup, import, or export events in a persistent CloudKit
container.

`class NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult`

The result of a request to fetch persistent CloudKit container events.

`class let eventNotificationUserInfoKey: String`

The user info dictionary key for the persistent CloudKit container event.

Type Property

# eventNotificationUserInfoKey

The user info dictionary key for the persistent CloudKit container event.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class let eventNotificationUserInfoKey: String

## See Also

### Monitoring Container Events

`class NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event`

An object that represents activity in a persistent CloudKit container.

`enum NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType`

The type of event in a persistent CloudKit container, either setup, import, or
export.

`class NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventRequest`

A request to fetch setup, import, or export events in a persistent CloudKit
container.

`class NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult`

The result of a request to fetch persistent CloudKit container events.

`class let eventChangedNotification: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that contains details about an event in a persistent CloudKit
container.



# NSFetchedResultsChangeType

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.insert

Specifies that an object was inserted.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case insert = 1

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.delete

Specifies that an object was deleted.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case delete = 2

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.move

Specifies that an object was moved.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case move = 3

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.update

Specifies that an object was changed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case update = 4

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.insert

Specifies that an object was inserted.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case insert = 1

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.delete

Specifies that an object was deleted.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case delete = 2

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.move

Specifies that an object was moved.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case move = 3

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchedResultsChangeType.update

Specifies that an object was changed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case update = 4



# Store versions

Global Variable

# NSStoreModelVersionHashesKey

Key to represent the version hash information for the model used to create the
store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSStoreModelVersionHashesKey: String

## Discussion

This key is used in the metadata for a persistent store.

Global Variable

# NSStoreModelVersionIdentifiersKey

Key to represent the version identifiers for the model used to create the
store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSStoreModelVersionIdentifiersKey: String

## Discussion

If you add your own annotations to a model’s version identifier (see
`versionIdentifiers`), they are stored in the persistent store’s metadata. You
can use this key to retrieve the identifiers from the metadata dictionaries
available from `NSPersistentStore` (`metadata`) and
`NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` (`metadata(for:)` and related methods). The
corresponding value is a Foundation collection (an `NSArray` or `NSSet`
object).

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreOSCompatibility

Key to represent the earliest version of the operation system that the
persistent store supports.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreOSCompatibility: String

## Discussion

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object that takes the form of the
constants defined by the availability macros defined in
`/usr/include/AvailabilityMacros.h`; for example `1040` represents OS X
version 10.4.0.

Backward compatibility may preclude some features.



# NSPersistentStoreDescription

Initializer

# init(url:)

Initializes the receiver with a URL for the store.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(url: URL)

##  Parameters

`url`

    

Location for the store.

## Return Value

Initialized `NSPersistentStoreDescription` configured with the given URL.

Instance Property

# url

The URL that the store will use for its location.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var url: URL? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# configuration

The name of the configuration used by this store.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var configuration: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This displays the name of a configuration in the receiver's managed object
model that will be used by the new store. The configuration can be `nil`, in
which case no other configurations are allowed.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# timeout

The connection timeout for the associated store.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var timeout: TimeInterval { get set }

## Discussion

This is a convenience method for setting the `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`
on the associated store.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# type

The type of store this description represents.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var type: String { get set }

## Discussion

A string constant (such as `NSSQLiteStoreType`) that specifies the type of the
new store—see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# isReadOnly

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isReadOnly: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

This is a convenience method for setting the `NSReadOnlyPersistentStoreOption`
on the associated store.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# shouldAddStoreAsynchronously

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

By default, the store is added to the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`
synchronously on the calling thread. If this flag is set to `true`, the store
is added asynchronously on a background queue. The default for this flag is
`false`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

If this flag is set to `true` and the value of the
`shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically` is `true`, the coordinator attempts to infer
a mapping model if none can be found. The default for this flag is `true`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Property

# shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

If this is set to `false` and the store is out of sync, attempting to load the
store produces an error. If this is set to `true` and the store is out of
sync, attempting to load the store causes Core Data to attempt a migration.
This flag is set to `true` by default.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Method

# setOption(_:forKey:)

Sets an option on the store.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setOption(
        _ option: NSObject?,
        forKey key: String
    )

##  Parameters

`option`

    

The value to be set for an option on the store.

`key`

    

The key of the value to be set for an option on the store.

## Discussion

If a value was previously set for the given option, that value is replaced
with the given value. Note that the keys are case-sensitive. For a list of the
available options, see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setValue(NSObject?, forPragmaNamed: String)`

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

Instance Method

# setValue(_:forPragmaNamed:)

Allows you to set pragmas for the SQLite store.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setValue(
        _ value: NSObject?,
        forPragmaNamed name: String
    )

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The value of the pragma to be set.

`name`

    

The name of the pragma to be set.

## Discussion

Pragma options are for SQLite stores only. All pragma values must be specified
as `NSString`objects. The `fullfsync` and `synchronous` pragmas control the
tradeoff between write performance (write to disk speed and cache utilization)
and durability (data loss/corruption sensitivity to power interruption). For
more information on pragma settings, see http://sqlite.org/pragma.html.

## See Also

### Configuring a Persistent Store Description

`var url: URL?`

The URL that the store will use for its location.

`var configuration: String?`

The name of the configuration used by this store.

`var timeout: TimeInterval`

The connection timeout for the associated store.

`var type: String`

The type of store this description represents.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A flag that indicates whether this store will be read-only.

`var shouldAddStoreAsynchronously: Bool`

A flag that determines whether the store is added asynchronously.

`var shouldInferMappingModelAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether a mapping model should be created automatically.

`var shouldMigrateStoreAutomatically: Bool`

A flag indicating whether the associated persistent store should be migrated
automatically.

`func setOption(NSObject?, forKey: String)`

Sets an option on the store.

Instance Property

# options

A dictionary representation of the options set on the associated persistent
store.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var options: [String : NSObject] { get }

## Discussion

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify numerous settings for the
persistent store. For key definitions, see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`.

## See Also

### Accessing the Configuration Options

`var sqlitePragmas: [String : NSObject]`

The SQLite pragmas set for the associated persistent store. (read-only)

Instance Property

# sqlitePragmas

The SQLite pragmas set for the associated persistent store. (read-only)

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sqlitePragmas: [String : NSObject] { get }

## Discussion

This property contains all of the pragmas set on the associated persistent
store. This property is only relevant when the `type` is set to
`NSSQLiteStoreType`.

## See Also

### Accessing the Configuration Options

`var options: [String : NSObject]`

A dictionary representation of the options set on the associated persistent
store.

Instance Property

# cloudKitContainerOptions

Options that customize how this store description aligns with a CloudKit
database.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var cloudKitContainerOptions: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions? { get set }



# Spotlight record keys

Global Variable

# NSEntityNameInPathKey

Dictionary key for the entity name extracted from an external record file.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSEntityNameInPathKey: String

Global Variable

# NSStoreUUIDInPathKey

Dictionary key for the store UUID extracted from an external record file.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSStoreUUIDInPathKey: String

Global Variable

# NSStorePathKey

Dictionary key for the store path (an instance of `NSURL`) extracted from an
external record file.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSStorePathKey: String

## Discussion

This is resolved to the store-file path contained in the an external record
file directory.

Global Variable

# NSModelPathKey

Dictionary key for the managed object model path (an instance of `NSURL`)
extracted from an external record file.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSModelPathKey: String

## Discussion

This is resolved to the `model.mom` path contained in the external record file
directory.

Global Variable

# NSObjectURIKey

Dictionary key for the object URI extracted from an external record file.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSObjectURIKey: String



# NSBatchUpdateResult

Instance Property

# result

The result of a batch-update request, either the number of updated objects,
the identifiers of the updated objects, or a status value.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var result: Any? { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

`enum NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

Result types for a batch-update request.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`var result: Any?`

The result of a batch-update request, either the number of updated objects,
the identifiers of the updated objects, or a status value.

`enum NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

Result types for a batch-update request.



# NSIncrementalStoreNode

Initializer

# init(objectID:withValues:version:)

Returns an object initialized with the given values.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        objectID: NSManagedObjectID,
        withValues values: [String : Any],
        version: UInt64
    )

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

A managed object ID.

`values`

    

A dictionary containing the values persisted in an external store with keys
corresponding to the names of the property description in the
`NSEntityDescription` object described by `objectID`:

  * For attributes: an immutable value (an instance of a value class such as `NSNumber`, `NSString`, `NSData`). Missing attribute keys will assume a nil value.

  * For to-one relationships: the managed object ID of the related object or an instance of `NSNull` for nil relationship values. A missing key will be resolved lazily through calling `newValueForRelationship:forObjectWithID:withContext:error:` on the `NSPersistentStore` object. Lazy resolution for to-one relationships is discouraged.

  * For to-many relationships: an instance of `NSArray` or `NSSet` containing the managed object IDs of the related objects. Empty to-many relationships must be represented by an empty non-nil collection. A missing key will be resolved lazily through calling `newValueForRelationship:forObjectWithID:withContext:error:` on the `NSPersistentStore` object. Lazy resolution for to-many relationships is encouraged.

Unknown or unmodeled keys are stripped out.

`version`

    

The revision number of this state. This value is used for conflict detection
and merging.

## Return Value

An object initialized with the given values.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

Incremental Store Programming Guide

Instance Property

# objectID

The object ID that identifies the data stored by the receiver.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objectID: NSManagedObjectID { get }

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`func update(withValues: [String : Any], version: UInt64)`

Update the values and version to reflect new data being saved to or loaded
from the external store.

`func value(for: NSPropertyDescription) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the given property.

`var version: UInt64`

The version of data in the receiver.

Instance Method

# update(withValues:version:)

Update the values and version to reflect new data being saved to or loaded
from the external store.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func update(
        withValues values: [String : Any],
        version: UInt64
    )

##  Parameters

`values`

    

A dictionary containing updated values, in the same format as that described
in `init(objectID:withValues:version:)`.

`version`

    

The version number for the transaction.

## Discussion

Update the values and version to reflect new data being saved to or loaded
from the external store. // The values dictionary is in the same format as the
initializer

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID that identifies the data stored by the receiver.

`func value(for: NSPropertyDescription) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the given property.

`var version: UInt64`

The version of data in the receiver.

Instance Method

# value(for:)

Returns the value for the given property.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func value(for prop: NSPropertyDescription) -> Any?

##  Parameters

`prop`

    

A property description for one of the properties in the receiver.

## Return Value

The value for the property specified by `prop`. May return an instance of
`NSNull` for to-one relationships.

## Discussion

If a relationship is `nil`, you should create a new value by invoking
`newValueForRelationship:forObjectWithID:withContext:error:` on the
`NSPersistentStore` object.

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID that identifies the data stored by the receiver.

`func update(withValues: [String : Any], version: UInt64)`

Update the values and version to reflect new data being saved to or loaded
from the external store.

`var version: UInt64`

The version of data in the receiver.

Instance Property

# version

The version of data in the receiver.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var version: UInt64 { get }

## Discussion

The version number is used by the persistent store coordinator to detect and
handle merge conflicts. The version number should be stored with the record.
The version number should (implicitly) start at zero (where zero indicates an
unsaved object in memory) and be incremented by exactly one every time you
save. In addition, you increment the version number when you or the Core Data
framework have marked the associated managed object for optimistic locking.

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID that identifies the data stored by the receiver.

`func update(withValues: [String : Any], version: UInt64)`

Update the values and version to reflect new data being saved to or loaded
from the external store.

`func value(for: NSPropertyDescription) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the given property.



# NSManagedObjectModel

Initializer

# init(contentsOf:)

Initializes the managed object model using the model file at the specified
URL.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init?(contentsOf url: URL)

##  Parameters

`url`

    

An URL object specifying the location of a model file.

## Return Value

A managed object model initialized using the file at `url`.

## See Also

### Creating a managed object model

`init()`

Initializes an empty managed object model.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?) -> NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a model created by merging all the models found in given bundles.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?, forStoreMetadata: [String : Any]) ->
NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a merged model from a specified array for the version information in
provided metadata.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel]?)`

Creates a single model from an array of existing models.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel], forStoreMetadata: [String : Any])`

Returns, for the version information in given metadata, a model merged from a
given array of models.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Initializer

# init()

Initializes an empty managed object model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init()

## See Also

### Creating a managed object model

`init?(contentsOf: URL)`

Initializes the managed object model using the model file at the specified
URL.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?) -> NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a model created by merging all the models found in given bundles.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?, forStoreMetadata: [String : Any]) ->
NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a merged model from a specified array for the version information in
provided metadata.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel]?)`

Creates a single model from an array of existing models.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel], forStoreMetadata: [String : Any])`

Returns, for the version information in given metadata, a model merged from a
given array of models.

Type Method

# mergedModel(from:)

Returns a model created by merging all the models found in given bundles.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func mergedModel(from bundles: [Bundle]?) -> NSManagedObjectModel?

##  Parameters

`bundles`

    

An array of instances of `NSBundle` to search. If you specify `nil`, then the
main bundle is searched.

## Return Value

A model created by merging all the models found in `bundles`.

## See Also

### Creating a managed object model

`init?(contentsOf: URL)`

Initializes the managed object model using the model file at the specified
URL.

`init()`

Initializes an empty managed object model.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?, forStoreMetadata: [String : Any]) ->
NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a merged model from a specified array for the version information in
provided metadata.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel]?)`

Creates a single model from an array of existing models.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel], forStoreMetadata: [String : Any])`

Returns, for the version information in given metadata, a model merged from a
given array of models.

Type Method

# mergedModel(from:forStoreMetadata:)

Returns a merged model from a specified array for the version information in
provided metadata.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func mergedModel(
        from bundles: [Bundle]?,
        forStoreMetadata metadata: [String : Any]
    ) -> NSManagedObjectModel?

##  Parameters

`bundles`

    

An array of bundles.

`metadata`

    

A dictionary containing version information from the metadata for a persistent
store.

## Return Value

The managed object model used to create the store for the metadata. If a model
cannot be created to match the version information specified by `metadata`,
returns `nil`.

## Discussion

This method is a companion to `mergedModel(from:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a managed object model

`init?(contentsOf: URL)`

Initializes the managed object model using the model file at the specified
URL.

`init()`

Initializes an empty managed object model.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?) -> NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a model created by merging all the models found in given bundles.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel]?)`

Creates a single model from an array of existing models.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel], forStoreMetadata: [String : Any])`

Returns, for the version information in given metadata, a model merged from a
given array of models.

Initializer

# init(byMerging:)

Creates a single model from an array of existing models.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init?(byMerging models: [NSManagedObjectModel]?)

##  Parameters

`models`

    

An array of instances of `NSManagedObjectModel`.

## Return Value

A single model made by combining the models in `models`.

## Discussion

You use this method to combine multiple models (typically from different
frameworks) into one.

## See Also

### Creating a managed object model

`init?(contentsOf: URL)`

Initializes the managed object model using the model file at the specified
URL.

`init()`

Initializes an empty managed object model.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?) -> NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a model created by merging all the models found in given bundles.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?, forStoreMetadata: [String : Any]) ->
NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a merged model from a specified array for the version information in
provided metadata.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel], forStoreMetadata: [String : Any])`

Returns, for the version information in given metadata, a model merged from a
given array of models.

Initializer

# init(byMerging:forStoreMetadata:)

Returns, for the version information in given metadata, a model merged from a
given array of models.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init?(
        byMerging models: [NSManagedObjectModel],
        forStoreMetadata metadata: [String : Any]
    )

##  Parameters

`models`

    

An array of instances of `NSManagedObjectModel`.

`metadata`

    

A dictionary containing version information from the metadata for a persistent
store.

## Return Value

A merged model from `models` for the version information in `metadata`. If a
model cannot be created to match the version information in `metadata`,
returns `nil`.

## Discussion

This is the companion method to `mergedModel(from:forStoreMetadata:)`.

## See Also

### Creating a managed object model

`init?(contentsOf: URL)`

Initializes the managed object model using the model file at the specified
URL.

`init()`

Initializes an empty managed object model.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?) -> NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a model created by merging all the models found in given bundles.

`class func mergedModel(from: [Bundle]?, forStoreMetadata: [String : Any]) ->
NSManagedObjectModel?`

Returns a merged model from a specified array for the version information in
provided metadata.

`init?(byMerging: [NSManagedObjectModel]?)`

Creates a single model from an array of existing models.

Instance Property

# entities

The entities in the model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entities: [NSEntityDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

Entities are instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the entities for an object model raises an exception if the object
model has been used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Managing entities and configurations

`var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

`var configurations: [String]`

All the available configuration names of the model.

`func entities(forConfigurationName: String?) -> [NSEntityDescription]?`

Returns the entities of the model for a specified configuration.

`func setEntities([NSEntityDescription], forConfigurationName: String)`

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

Instance Property

# entitiesByName

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription] { get }

## Discussion

Entities are instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

## See Also

### Managing entities and configurations

`var entities: [NSEntityDescription]`

The entities in the model.

`var configurations: [String]`

All the available configuration names of the model.

`func entities(forConfigurationName: String?) -> [NSEntityDescription]?`

Returns the entities of the model for a specified configuration.

`func setEntities([NSEntityDescription], forConfigurationName: String)`

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

### Related Documentation

`class func entity(forEntityName: String, in: NSManagedObjectContext) ->
NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity with the specified name from the managed object model
associated with the specified managed object context’s persistent store
coordinator.

Instance Property

# configurations

All the available configuration names of the model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var configurations: [String] { get }

## See Also

### Managing entities and configurations

`var entities: [NSEntityDescription]`

The entities in the model.

`var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

`func entities(forConfigurationName: String?) -> [NSEntityDescription]?`

Returns the entities of the model for a specified configuration.

`func setEntities([NSEntityDescription], forConfigurationName: String)`

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

Instance Method

# entities(forConfigurationName:)

Returns the entities of the model for a specified configuration.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func entities(forConfigurationName configuration: String?) -> [NSEntityDescription]?

##  Parameters

`configuration`

    

The name of a configuration in the receiver.

## Return Value

An array containing the entities of the receiver for the configuration
specified by `configuration`.

## See Also

### Managing entities and configurations

`var entities: [NSEntityDescription]`

The entities in the model.

`var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

`var configurations: [String]`

All the available configuration names of the model.

`func setEntities([NSEntityDescription], forConfigurationName: String)`

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

Instance Method

# setEntities(_:forConfigurationName:)

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setEntities(
        _ entities: [NSEntityDescription],
        forConfigurationName configuration: String
    )

##  Parameters

`entities`

    

An array of instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

`configuration`

    

A name for the configuration.

## Discussion

This method raises an exception if the receiver has been used by an object
graph manager.

## See Also

### Managing entities and configurations

`var entities: [NSEntityDescription]`

The entities in the model.

`var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

`var configurations: [String]`

All the available configuration names of the model.

`func entities(forConfigurationName: String?) -> [NSEntityDescription]?`

Returns the entities of the model for a specified configuration.

Instance Property

# fetchRequestTemplatesByName

A dictionary of the receiver’s fetch request templates, keyed by name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequestTemplatesByName: [String : NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>] { get }

## Discussion

If the template contains a predicate with substitution variables, you should
instead use `fetchRequestFromTemplate(withName:substitutionVariables:)` to
create a new fetch request.

## See Also

### Manipulating fetch request templates

`func fetchRequestTemplate(forName: String) -> NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>?`

Returns the fetch request with a specified name.

`func fetchRequestFromTemplate(withName: String, substitutionVariables:
[String : Any]) -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

Returns a copy of the fetch request template with the variables substituted by
values from the substitutions dictionary.

`func setFetchRequestTemplate(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?,
forName: String)`

Associates the specified fetch request with the receiver using the given name.

Instance Method

# fetchRequestTemplate(forName:)

Returns the fetch request with a specified name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fetchRequestTemplate(forName name: String) -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?

##  Parameters

`name`

    

A string containing the name of a fetch request template.

## Return Value

The fetch request named `name`.

## Discussion

If the template contains substitution variables, you should instead use
`fetchRequestFromTemplate(withName:substitutionVariables:)` to create a new
fetch request.

## See Also

### Manipulating fetch request templates

`var fetchRequestTemplatesByName: [String : NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>]`

A dictionary of the receiver’s fetch request templates, keyed by name.

`func fetchRequestFromTemplate(withName: String, substitutionVariables:
[String : Any]) -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

Returns a copy of the fetch request template with the variables substituted by
values from the substitutions dictionary.

`func setFetchRequestTemplate(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?,
forName: String)`

Associates the specified fetch request with the receiver using the given name.

Instance Method

# fetchRequestFromTemplate(withName:substitutionVariables:)

Returns a copy of the fetch request template with the variables substituted by
values from the substitutions dictionary.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func fetchRequestFromTemplate(
        withName name: String,
        substitutionVariables variables: [String : Any]
    ) -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?

##  Parameters

`name`

    

A string containing the name of a fetch request template.

`variables`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs where the keys are the names of
variables specified in the template; the corresponding values are substituted
before the fetch request is returned. The dictionary must provide values for
all the variables in the template.

## Return Value

A copy of the fetch request template with the variables substituted by values
from `variables`.

## Discussion

The `variables` dictionary must provide values for all the variables. If you
want to test for a nil value, use `[NSNull null]`.

This method provides the usual way to bind an “abstractly” defined fetch
request template to a concrete fetch. For more details on using this method,
see Creating Predicates.

## See Also

### Manipulating fetch request templates

`var fetchRequestTemplatesByName: [String : NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>]`

A dictionary of the receiver’s fetch request templates, keyed by name.

`func fetchRequestTemplate(forName: String) -> NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>?`

Returns the fetch request with a specified name.

`func setFetchRequestTemplate(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?,
forName: String)`

Associates the specified fetch request with the receiver using the given name.

Instance Method

# setFetchRequestTemplate(_:forName:)

Associates the specified fetch request with the receiver using the given name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setFetchRequestTemplate(
        _ fetchRequestTemplate: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?,
        forName name: String
    )

##  Parameters

`fetchRequest`

    

A fetch request, typically containing predicates with variables for
substitution.

`name`

    

A string that specifies the name of the fetch request template.

## Discussion

For more details on using this method, see Creating Predicates.

### Special Considerations

This method raises an exception if the receiver has been used by an object
graph manager.

## See Also

### Manipulating fetch request templates

`var fetchRequestTemplatesByName: [String : NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>]`

A dictionary of the receiver’s fetch request templates, keyed by name.

`func fetchRequestTemplate(forName: String) -> NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>?`

Returns the fetch request with a specified name.

`func fetchRequestFromTemplate(withName: String, substitutionVariables:
[String : Any]) -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

Returns a copy of the fetch request template with the variables substituted by
values from the substitutions dictionary.

Instance Property

# localizationDictionary

The localization dictionary of the model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var localizationDictionary: [String : String]? { get set }

## Discussion

Table 1 describes the key and value pattern for the localization dictionary.

**Table 1**  Key and value pattern for the localization dictionary.Key| Value|
Note  
---|---|---  
"Entity/NonLocalizedEntityName"| "LocalizedEntityName"|  
"Property/NonLocalizedPropertyName/Entity/EntityName"|
"LocalizedPropertyName"| (1)  
"Property/NonLocalizedPropertyName"| "LocalizedPropertyName"|  
"ErrorString/NonLocalizedErrorString"| "LocalizedErrorString"|  
  
(1) For properties in different entities with the same non-localized name but
that should have different localized names.

### Special Considerations

In OS X v10.4, `localizationDictionary` may return `nil` until Core Data
lazily loads the dictionary for its own purposes (for example, reporting a
localized error).

Instance Property

# versionChecksum

The Base64-encoded 128-bit model version hash.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionChecksum: String { get }

## Discussion

This value is also available in the versioned model’s `VersionInfo.plist` file
and in Xcode’s build log.

## See Also

### Versioning and migrating entities

`var versionIdentifiers: Set<AnyHashable>`

The set of developer-defined version identifiers for the object model.

`var entityVersionHashesByName: [String : Data]`

The dictionary of the model’s entity names and their corresponding version
hashes.

`func isConfiguration(withName: String?, compatibleWithStoreMetadata: [String
: Any]) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether a given configuration in the
model is compatible with given metadata from a persistent store.

Instance Property

# versionIdentifiers

The set of developer-defined version identifiers for the object model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionIdentifiers: Set<AnyHashable> { get set }

## Discussion

Merged models return the combined collection of identifiers. The Core Data
framework does not assign a default identifier to object models, nor does it
depend on this value at runtime. For models you create in Xcode, set this
value in the model inspector.

Use this value when debugging to help determine the models that Core Data
merges to create the merged model.

## See Also

### Versioning and migrating entities

`var versionChecksum: String`

The Base64-encoded 128-bit model version hash.

`var entityVersionHashesByName: [String : Data]`

The dictionary of the model’s entity names and their corresponding version
hashes.

`func isConfiguration(withName: String?, compatibleWithStoreMetadata: [String
: Any]) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether a given configuration in the
model is compatible with given metadata from a persistent store.

Instance Property

# entityVersionHashesByName

The dictionary of the model’s entity names and their corresponding version
hashes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityVersionHashesByName: [String : Data] { get }

## Discussion

Core Data use the dictionary of version hash information is to determine
schema compatibility.

## See Also

### Versioning and migrating entities

`var versionChecksum: String`

The Base64-encoded 128-bit model version hash.

`var versionIdentifiers: Set<AnyHashable>`

The set of developer-defined version identifiers for the object model.

`func isConfiguration(withName: String?, compatibleWithStoreMetadata: [String
: Any]) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether a given configuration in the
model is compatible with given metadata from a persistent store.

Instance Method

# isConfiguration(withName:compatibleWithStoreMetadata:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether a given configuration in the
model is compatible with given metadata from a persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func isConfiguration(
        withName configuration: String?,
        compatibleWithStoreMetadata metadata: [String : Any]
    ) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`configuration`

    

The name of a configuration in the receiver. Pass `nil` to specify no
configuration.

`metadata`

    

Metadata for a persistent store.

## Return Value

`true` if the configuration in the receiver specified by `configuration` is
compatible with the store metadata given by `metadata`, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method compares the version information in the store metadata with the
entity versions of a given configuration. For information on specific
differences, use `entityVersionHashesByName` and perform an entity-by-entity
comparison.

## See Also

### Versioning and migrating entities

`var versionChecksum: String`

The Base64-encoded 128-bit model version hash.

`var versionIdentifiers: Set<AnyHashable>`

The set of developer-defined version identifiers for the object model.

`var entityVersionHashesByName: [String : Data]`

The dictionary of the model’s entity names and their corresponding version
hashes.

Instance Method

# makeManagedObjectModel(for:mergedWith:)

SwiftData  Core Data  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+
tvOS 17.0+  watchOS 10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 14.4+

    
    
    func makeManagedObjectModel(
        for schema: Schema,
        mergedWith managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel? = nil
    ) -> NSManagedObjectModel?

Type Method

# makeManagedObjectModel(for:mergedWith:)

SwiftData  Core Data  iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+
tvOS 17.0+  watchOS 10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 14.4+

    
    
    static func makeManagedObjectModel(
        for entityTypes: [any PersistentModel.Type],
        mergedWith managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel? = nil
    ) -> NSManagedObjectModel?



# NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType

Type Property

# mainQueue

A concurrency type where the context performs its tasks on the main queue.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let mainQueue: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType

## See Also

### Concurrency Types

`static let privateQueue: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType`

A concurrency type where the context performs its tasks on a private queue.

Type Property

# privateQueue

A concurrency type where the context performs its tasks on a private queue.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let privateQueue: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType

## See Also

### Concurrency Types

`static let mainQueue: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType`

A concurrency type where the context performs its tasks on the main queue.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a concurrency type using the specified raw value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    init(rawValue: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw concurrency type. For possible values, see
`NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`.

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

Instance Property

# rawValue

The concurrency type’s cardinal value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var rawValue: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

## See Also

### Getting a Concurrency Type’s Raw Value

`typealias NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType.RawValue`

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

Type Alias

# NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType.RawValue

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    typealias NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType.RawValue = NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType

## See Also

### Getting a Concurrency Type’s Raw Value

`var rawValue: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type’s cardinal value.

Instance Property

# hashValue

The concurrency type’s computed hash value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var hashValue: Int { get }

## See Also

### Hashing a Concurrency Type

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the components of the concurrency type using the provided hasher.

Instance Method

# hash(into:)

Hashes the components of the concurrency type using the provided hasher.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher)

##  Parameters

`hasher`

    

The hasher to use when combining components of this concurrency type.

## See Also

### Hashing a Concurrency Type

`var hashValue: Int`

The concurrency type’s computed hash value.

Operator

# !=(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static func != (lhs: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType, rhs: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

A value to compare.

`rhs`

    

Another value to compare.

## Discussion

Inequality is the inverse of equality. For any values `a` and `b`, `a != b`
implies that `a == b` is `false`.

This is the default implementation of the not-equal-to operator (`!=`) for any
type that conforms to `Equatable`.



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerSchemaInitializationOptions

Type Property

# dryRun

A flag that indicates the container validates the model and generates the
records, but doesn’t upload them to CloudKit.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var dryRun: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerSchemaInitializationOptions { get }

## Discussion

This option is useful for unit testing to ensure your managed object model is
valid for use with CloudKit.

Type Property

# printSchema

Prints the generated records to the console.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static var printSchema: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerSchemaInitializationOptions { get }

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates the schema initialization options using the specified raw value.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 11.0+

    
    
    init(rawValue: UInt)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw unsigned integer value.



# NSMergePolicy

Initializer

# init(merge:)

Returns a merge policy initialized with a given policy type.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(merge ty: NSMergePolicyType)

##  Parameters

`ty`

    

A merge policy type.

## Return Value

A merge policy initialized with a given policy type.

## Discussion

If you override this method in a subclass, you should invoke the superclass’s
implementation with the merge policy that is closest to the behavior you want.

  * This will make it easier to use the superclass’s implementation of `resolve(mergeConflicts:)` and then customize the results.

  * Due to the complexity of merging to-many relationships, this class is designed with the expectation that you call super as the base implementation.

## See Also

### Getting a Merge Policy

`var mergeType: NSMergePolicyType`

The merge type.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Instance Property

# mergeType

The merge type.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var mergeType: NSMergePolicyType { get }

## See Also

### Getting a Merge Policy

`init(merge: NSMergePolicyType)`

Returns a merge policy initialized with a given policy type.

Instance Method

# resolve(mergeConflicts:)

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func resolve(mergeConflicts list: [Any]) throws

##  Parameters

`list`

    

An array of merge conflicts (instances of `NSMergeConflict`).

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the conflicts were resolved successfully, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

If you override this method in a subclass, you should typically invoke the
superclass’s implementation in addition to performing your own operations.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Resolving a Conflict

`func resolve(constraintConflicts: [NSConstraintConflict])`

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

`func resolve(optimisticLockingConflicts: [NSMergeConflict])`

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

Instance Method

# resolve(constraintConflicts:)

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func resolve(constraintConflicts list: [NSConstraintConflict]) throws

## See Also

### Resolving a Conflict

`func resolve(mergeConflicts: [Any])`

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

`func resolve(optimisticLockingConflicts: [NSMergeConflict])`

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

Instance Method

# resolve(optimisticLockingConflicts:)

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func resolve(optimisticLockingConflicts list: [NSMergeConflict]) throws

## See Also

### Resolving a Conflict

`func resolve(mergeConflicts: [Any])`

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

`func resolve(constraintConflicts: [NSConstraintConflict])`

Resolves the conflicts in a given list.

Type Property

# error

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var error: NSMergePolicy { get }

## Discussion

If a save fails because of conflicting objects, you can find the IDs of those
objects in error’s `userInfo` dictionary. Use the `NSInsertedObjectsKey` and
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey` keys to extract the object IDs.

## See Also

### Defining Merge Policies

`class var mergeByPropertyStoreTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`class var mergeByPropertyObjectTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`class var overwrite: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`class var rollback: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

API Reference

Merge Policies

Define standard ways to handle conflicts during a save operation.

Type Property

# mergeByPropertyStoreTrump

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var mergeByPropertyStoreTrump: NSMergePolicy { get }

## Discussion

A policy that merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by individual property, with external
changes trumping in-memory changes.

## See Also

### Defining Merge Policies

`class var error: NSMergePolicy`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`class var mergeByPropertyObjectTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`class var overwrite: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`class var rollback: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

API Reference

Merge Policies

Define standard ways to handle conflicts during a save operation.

Type Property

# mergeByPropertyObjectTrump

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var mergeByPropertyObjectTrump: NSMergePolicy { get }

## Discussion

A policy that merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by individual property, with in-
memory changes trumping external changes.

## See Also

### Defining Merge Policies

`class var error: NSMergePolicy`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`class var mergeByPropertyStoreTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`class var overwrite: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`class var rollback: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

API Reference

Merge Policies

Define standard ways to handle conflicts during a save operation.

Type Property

# overwrite

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var overwrite: NSMergePolicy { get }

## Discussion

This policy merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by saving the entire in-memory object
to the persistent store.

## See Also

### Defining Merge Policies

`class var error: NSMergePolicy`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`class var mergeByPropertyStoreTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`class var mergeByPropertyObjectTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`class var rollback: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

API Reference

Merge Policies

Define standard ways to handle conflicts during a save operation.

Type Property

# rollback

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var rollback: NSMergePolicy { get }

## Discussion

This policy merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by discarding unsaved changes.

## See Also

### Defining Merge Policies

`class var error: NSMergePolicy`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`class var mergeByPropertyStoreTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`class var mergeByPropertyObjectTrump: NSMergePolicy`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`class var overwrite: NSMergePolicy`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

API Reference

Merge Policies

Define standard ways to handle conflicts during a save operation.



# NSMergeConflict

Initializer

# init(source:newVersion:oldVersion:cachedSnapshot:persistedSnapshot:)

Initializes a merge conflict.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        source srcObject: NSManagedObject,
        newVersion newvers: Int,
        oldVersion oldvers: Int,
        cachedSnapshot cachesnap: [String : Any]?,
        persistedSnapshot persnap: [String : Any]?
    )

##  Parameters

`srcObject`

    

The source object for the conflict.

`newvers`

    

The new version number for the change.

A value of 0 means the object was deleted and the corresponding snapshot is
`nil`.

`oldvers`

    

The old version number for the change.

`cachesnap`

    

A dictionary containing the values of `srcObject` held in the persistent store
coordinator layer.

`persnap`

    

A dictionary containing the values of `srcObject` held in the persistent
store.

## Return Value

A merge conflict object initialized with the given parameters.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Instance Property

# sourceObject

The source object for the conflict.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sourceObject: NSManagedObject { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Merge Conflict Details

`var objectSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object.

`var cachedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store coordinator layer.

`var persistedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store.

`var newVersionNumber: Int`

The new version number for the change.

`var oldVersionNumber: Int`

The old version number for the change.

Instance Property

# objectSnapshot

A dictionary containing the values of the source object.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objectSnapshot: [String : Any]? { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Merge Conflict Details

`var sourceObject: NSManagedObject`

The source object for the conflict.

`var cachedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store coordinator layer.

`var persistedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store.

`var newVersionNumber: Int`

The new version number for the change.

`var oldVersionNumber: Int`

The old version number for the change.

Instance Property

# cachedSnapshot

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store coordinator layer.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var cachedSnapshot: [String : Any]? { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Merge Conflict Details

`var sourceObject: NSManagedObject`

The source object for the conflict.

`var objectSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object.

`var persistedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store.

`var newVersionNumber: Int`

The new version number for the change.

`var oldVersionNumber: Int`

The old version number for the change.

Instance Property

# persistedSnapshot

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var persistedSnapshot: [String : Any]? { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Merge Conflict Details

`var sourceObject: NSManagedObject`

The source object for the conflict.

`var objectSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object.

`var cachedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store coordinator layer.

`var newVersionNumber: Int`

The new version number for the change.

`var oldVersionNumber: Int`

The old version number for the change.

Instance Property

# newVersionNumber

The new version number for the change.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var newVersionNumber: Int { get }

## Discussion

A new version number of 0 means the object was deleted and the corresponding
snapshot is `nil`.

## See Also

### Accessing Merge Conflict Details

`var sourceObject: NSManagedObject`

The source object for the conflict.

`var objectSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object.

`var cachedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store coordinator layer.

`var persistedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store.

`var oldVersionNumber: Int`

The old version number for the change.

Instance Property

# oldVersionNumber

The old version number for the change.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var oldVersionNumber: Int { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Merge Conflict Details

`var sourceObject: NSManagedObject`

The source object for the conflict.

`var objectSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object.

`var cachedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store coordinator layer.

`var persistedSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

A dictionary containing the values of the source object held in the persistent
store.

`var newVersionNumber: Int`

The new version number for the change.



# NSBatchDeleteRequest

Initializer

# init(fetchRequest:)

Creates a request that deletes the results of the specified fetch request.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(fetchRequest fetch: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>)

##  Parameters

`fetch`

    

The fetch request that identifies the managed objects to delete.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(objectIDs: [NSManagedObjectID])`

Creates a request that deletes the managed objects with the specified
identifiers.

Initializer

# init(objectIDs:)

Creates a request that deletes the managed objects with the specified
identifiers.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(objectIDs objects: [NSManagedObjectID])

##  Parameters

`objects`

    

The array that contains the identifiers of the managed objects to delete.

## Discussion

Important

The identifiers your provide must be from managed objects of the same entity
type; mixing entity types results in an error when you execute the request.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>)`

Creates a request that deletes the results of the specified fetch request.

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The fetch request that identifies the managed objects to delete.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    @NSCopying
    var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult> { get }

## Discussion

This property contains the fetch request that identifies the managed objects
to delete. If you initialize `NSBatchDeleteRequest` with an array of
`NSManagedObjectID`, Core Data automatically generates a fetch request with a
predicate that matches the identifiers in that array.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result the request provides when it executes.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType { get set }

## Discussion

Set this property before you execute the request if you require a result type
other than the default of
`NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeStatusOnly`.

## See Also

### Configuring the Result Type

`enum NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType`

The types of result a batch delete request can provide when it executes.



# NSPropertyMapping

Instance Property

# name

The name of the property in the destination entity for the property mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String? { get set }

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Attributes

`var valueExpression: NSExpression?`

The value expression for the property mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info for the property mapping.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Instance Property

# valueExpression

The value expression for the property mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var valueExpression: NSExpression? { get set }

## Discussion

The expression is used to create the value for the destination property.

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Attributes

`var name: String?`

The name of the property in the destination entity for the property mapping.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info for the property mapping.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info for the property mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## See Also

### Managing Mapping Attributes

`var name: String?`

The name of the property in the destination entity for the property mapping.

`var valueExpression: NSExpression?`

The value expression for the property mapping.



# NSPersistentStoreCoordinator

Initializer

# init(managedObjectModel:)

Creates a persistent store coordinator with the specified managed object
model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(managedObjectModel model: NSManagedObjectModel)

##  Parameters

`model`

    

A managed object model.

## Return Value

The receiver, initialized with `model`.

## See Also

### Creating a persistent store coordinator

API Reference

Store options

The options keys that configure the behavior and characteristics of a
persistent store.

API Reference

Migration options

The options keys that configure the migration behavior of a persistent store.

API Reference

Store versions

The metadata keys you use when comparing store versions.

Instance Property

# name

The coordinator’s name.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String? { get set }

## See Also

### Managing configuration

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The coordinator’s managed object model.

`var persistentStores: [NSPersistentStore]`

The coordinator’s persistent stores.

Instance Property

# managedObjectModel

The coordinator’s managed object model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## See Also

### Managing configuration

`var name: String?`

The coordinator’s name.

`var persistentStores: [NSPersistentStore]`

The coordinator’s persistent stores.

Instance Property

# persistentStores

The coordinator’s persistent stores.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var persistentStores: [NSPersistentStore] { get }

## See Also

### Managing configuration

`var name: String?`

The coordinator’s name.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The coordinator’s managed object model.

Type Method

# registerStoreClass(_:type:)

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    class func registerStoreClass(
        _ storeClass: AnyClass?,
        type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType
    )

##  Parameters

`storeClass`

    

A subclass of `NSPersistentStore`.

`type`

    

The store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

## Discussion

You must register the subclass before you load instances of it into the
persistent store coordinator. To unregister a subclass for a specific store
type, use `nil` for `storeClass`.

## See Also

### Registering store types

`class var registeredStoreTypes: [String : NSValue]`

The coordinator’s registered store types.

Type Property

# registeredStoreTypes

The coordinator’s registered store types.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var registeredStoreTypes: [String : NSValue] { get }

## Return Value

A dictionary of the registered store types—the keys are the store type
strings, and the values are the `NSPersistentStore` subclasses.

## See Also

### Registering store types

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type.

Instance Method

# addPersistentStore(type:configuration:at:options:)

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func addPersistentStore(
        type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
        configuration: String? = nil,
        at storeURL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws -> NSPersistentStore

##  Parameters

`type`

    

The store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`configuration`

    

The name of the configuration to use. You must define this configuration in
the coordinator’s managed object model.

`storeURL`

    

The store’s location.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify store behavior and
characteristics. For more information, see Store options.

## See Also

### Adding or removing a store

`func addPersistentStore(with: NSPersistentStoreDescription,
completionHandler: (NSPersistentStoreDescription, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Adds a persistent store using the provided description.

`func remove(NSPersistentStore)`

Removes the specified persistent store from the coordinator.

Instance Method

# addPersistentStore(with:completionHandler:)

Adds a persistent store using the provided description.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func addPersistentStore(
        with storeDescription: NSPersistentStoreDescription,
        completionHandler block: @escaping (NSPersistentStoreDescription, (any Error)?) -> Void
    )

##  Parameters

`storeDescription`

    

A description object used to create and load a persistent store.

`block`

    

The completion handler block that’s invoked after the store is added.

## Return Value

The newly created store or, if an error occurs, `nil`.

## See Also

### Adding or removing a store

`func addPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, configuration:
String?, at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func remove(NSPersistentStore)`

Removes the specified persistent store from the coordinator.

Instance Method

# remove(_:)

Removes the specified persistent store from the coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func remove(_ store: NSPersistentStore) throws

##  Parameters

`store`

    

A persistent store.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an instance of `NSError` that
describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the store is removed, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Adding or removing a store

`func addPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, configuration:
String?, at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func addPersistentStore(with: NSPersistentStoreDescription,
completionHandler: (NSPersistentStoreDescription, (any Error)?) -> Void)`

Adds a persistent store using the provided description.

### Related Documentation

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

Instance Method

# destroyPersistentStore(at:type:options:)

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func destroyPersistentStore(
        at url: URL,
        type storeType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`url`

    

The store’s location.

`storeType`

    

The store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify store behavior and
characteristics. For more information, see Store options.

## See Also

### Modifying a store

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

Instance Method

# migratePersistentStore(_:to:options:type:)

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func migratePersistentStore(
        _ store: NSPersistentStore,
        to storeURL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        type storeType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType
    ) throws -> NSPersistentStore

##  Parameters

`store`

    

The peristent store to migrate.

`storeURL`

    

The location of the new persistent store.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify store behavior and
characteristics. For more information, see Store options.

`storeType`

    

The new store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

## Discussion

Performance may vary depending on the store types of the old and new stores.
Invoking this method removes the specified store from the coordinator.

## See Also

### Modifying a store

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

Instance Method

#
replacePersistentStore(at:destinationOptions:withPersistentStoreFrom:sourceOptions:type:)

Replaces one persistent store with another.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func replacePersistentStore(
        at destinationURL: URL,
        destinationOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        withPersistentStoreFrom sourceURL: URL,
        sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        type sourceType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`destinationURL`

    

The location of the store to replace.

`destinationOptions`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify the behavior and
characteristics of the store to replace. For more information, see Store
options.

`sourceURL`

    

The location of the store to use as the replacement.

`sourceOptions`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify the behavior and
characteristics of the replacement store. For more information, see Store
options.

`sourceType`

    

The store type of the replacement store. For possible values, see
`NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

## See Also

### Modifying a store

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

Instance Method

# setURL(_:for:)

Changes the location of the specified persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setURL(
        _ url: URL,
        for store: NSPersistentStore
    ) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`url`

    

The new location for `store`.

`store`

    

A persistent store associated with the receiver.

## Return Value

`true` if the store was relocated, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

For atomic stores, this method alters the location to which the next save
operation will write the file; for non-atomic stores, invoking this method
will relinquish the existing connection and create a new one at the specified
URL. (For non-atomic stores, a store must already exist at the destination
URL; a new store will not be created.)

## See Also

### Managing a store’s location

`func persistentStore(for: URL) -> NSPersistentStore?`

Returns the persistent store for the specified file URL.

`func url(for: NSPersistentStore) -> URL`

Returns the location of the provided persistent store.

Instance Method

# persistentStore(for:)

Returns the persistent store for the specified file URL.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func persistentStore(for URL: URL) -> NSPersistentStore?

##  Parameters

`URL`

    

An URL object that specifies the location of a persistent store.

## Return Value

The persistent store at the location specified by `URL`.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s location

`func setURL(URL, for: NSPersistentStore) -> Bool`

Changes the location of the specified persistent store.

`func url(for: NSPersistentStore) -> URL`

Returns the location of the provided persistent store.

Instance Method

# url(for:)

Returns the location of the provided persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func url(for store: NSPersistentStore) -> URL

##  Parameters

`store`

    

A persistent store.

## Return Value

The URL for `store`.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s location

`func setURL(URL, for: NSPersistentStore) -> Bool`

Changes the location of the specified persistent store.

`func persistentStore(for: URL) -> NSPersistentStore?`

Returns the persistent store for the specified file URL.

### Related Documentation

`var persistentStores: [NSPersistentStore]`

The coordinator’s persistent stores.

Type Method

# setMetadata(_:type:at:options:)

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    class func setMetadata(
        _ metadata: [String : Any]?,
        type storeType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
        at storeURL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`metadata`

    

A dictionary that contains the metadata to associate with the store.

`storeType`

    

The store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`storeURL`

    

The store’s location.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify store behavior and
characteristics. For more information, see Store options.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s metadata

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`let NSStoreTypeKey: String`

A key that identifies the store type.

`let NSStoreUUIDKey: String`

A key that provides the store’s UUID.

Type Method

# metadataForPersistentStore(type:at:options:)

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    class func metadataForPersistentStore(
        type storeType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
        at storeURL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws -> [String : Any]

##  Parameters

`storeType`

    

The store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`storeURL`

    

The store’s location.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify store behavior and
characteristics. For more information, see Store options.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s metadata

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`let NSStoreTypeKey: String`

A key that identifies the store type.

`let NSStoreUUIDKey: String`

A key that provides the store’s UUID.

Instance Method

# metadata(for:)

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func metadata(for store: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]

##  Parameters

`store`

    

A persistent store.

## Return Value

A dictionary that contains the metadata currently stored or to-be-stored in
`store`.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s metadata

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`let NSStoreTypeKey: String`

A key that identifies the store type.

`let NSStoreUUIDKey: String`

A key that provides the store’s UUID.

### Related Documentation

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Instance Method

# setMetadata(_:for:)

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setMetadata(
        _ metadata: [String : Any]?,
        for store: NSPersistentStore
    )

##  Parameters

`metadata`

    

A dictionary containing metadata for the store.

`store`

    

A persistent store.

## Discussion

The store type and UUID (`NSStoreTypeKey` and `NSStoreUUIDKey`) are always
added automatically, however `NSStoreUUIDKey` is only added if it is not set
manually as part of the dictionary argument.

Important

Setting the metadata for a store does not change the information on disk until
the store is actually saved.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s metadata

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

`let NSStoreTypeKey: String`

A key that identifies the store type.

`let NSStoreUUIDKey: String`

A key that provides the store’s UUID.

### Related Documentation

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Global Variable

# NSStoreTypeKey

A key that identifies the store type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSStoreTypeKey: String

## See Also

### Managing a store’s metadata

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`let NSStoreUUIDKey: String`

A key that provides the store’s UUID.

Global Variable

# NSStoreUUIDKey

A key that provides the store’s UUID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSStoreUUIDKey: String

## Discussion

The store UUID is useful to identify stores through URI representations, but
it is _not_ guaranteed to be unique. The UUID generated for new stores is
unique—users can freely copy files and thus the UUID stored inside—so if you
track or reference stores explicitly you need to be aware of duplicate UUIDs
and potentially override the UUID when a new store is added to the list of
known stores in your application.

## See Also

### Managing a store’s metadata

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
at: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(type: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`let NSStoreTypeKey: String`

A key that identifies the store type.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey

The key for enabling deferred lightweight migrations.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey: String

## Discussion

As your managed object model changes, Core Data can use lightweight migrations
to synchronize the underlying store data with those evolving entity
definitions. These migrations happen at runtime, so they need to be fast or
they can lead to a poor experience, because a migration must complete before
your app can continue. Reduce the impact of migrations by deferring expensive
cleanup tasks — such as dropping a table — until a more opportune time.

Important

This key is dual-purpose. When adding a persistent store to the coordinator,
you use it to enable deferred lightweight migrations for that store.
Afterward, Core Data uses it to indicate whether there are deferred cleanup
tasks to run. Therefore, don’t use this key to later determine whether you
enabled deferred lightweight migrations on a specific store.

Deferred lightweight migrations are off by default. To enable them, add
`NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey`, with a value of
`true`, to the options dictionary you provide when adding a persistent store
to the coordinator.

After you enable deferred lightweight migrations, Core Data continues to
perform your lightweight migrations as usual, but defers any time-consuming
cleanup tasks that don’t impact the execution of your app. Those tasks still
need to run, but you choose when to run them. To determine whether there are
deferred tasks to finish, query the store’s metadata with
`NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey`. If the returned
value is `true`, execute those tasks using the coordinator. A single migration
may defer several distinct tasks and you can execute them all at once using
`finishDeferredLightweightMigration()`, or individually using
`finishDeferredLightweightMigrationTask()`.

## See Also

### Deferring a store’s migrations

`func finishDeferredLightweightMigrationTask()`

Executes a single pending task of a deferred lightweight migration.

`func finishDeferredLightweightMigration()`

Executes all remaining tasks of a deferred lightweight migration.

Instance Method

# finishDeferredLightweightMigrationTask()

Executes a single pending task of a deferred lightweight migration.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func finishDeferredLightweightMigrationTask() throws

## Discussion

Note

Enable deferred lightweight migrations before using this method. For more
information, see `NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey`.

## See Also

### Deferring a store’s migrations

`let NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey: String`

The key for enabling deferred lightweight migrations.

`func finishDeferredLightweightMigration()`

Executes all remaining tasks of a deferred lightweight migration.

Instance Method

# finishDeferredLightweightMigration()

Executes all remaining tasks of a deferred lightweight migration.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func finishDeferredLightweightMigration() throws

## Discussion

Note

Enable deferred lightweight migrations before using this method. For more
information, see `NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey`.

## See Also

### Deferring a store’s migrations

`let NSPersistentStoreDeferredLightweightMigrationOptionKey: String`

The key for enabling deferred lightweight migrations.

`func finishDeferredLightweightMigrationTask()`

Executes a single pending task of a deferred lightweight migration.

Generic Instance Method

# perform(_:)

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue and
awaits the result.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func perform<T>(_ block: @escaping () throws -> T) async rethrows -> T

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to execute.

## See Also

### Performing tasks

`func performAndWait<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext) -> Any`

Executes the specified request on each of the coordinator’s persistent stores.

Generic Instance Method

# performAndWait(_:)

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func performAndWait<T>(_ block: () throws -> T) rethrows -> T

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to execute.

## See Also

### Performing tasks

`func perform<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue and
awaits the result.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext) -> Any`

Executes the specified request on each of the coordinator’s persistent stores.

Instance Method

# execute(_:with:)

Executes the specified request on each of the coordinator’s persistent stores.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func execute(
        _ request: NSPersistentStoreRequest,
        with context: NSManagedObjectContext
    ) throws -> Any

##  Parameters

`request`

    

A fetch or save request.

`context`

    

The context against which `request` should be executed.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an NSError object that describes the
problem.

## Return Value

An array containing managed objects, managed object IDs, or dictionaries as
appropriate for a fetch request; an empty array if `request` is a save
request, or `nil` if an error occurred.

User defined requests return arrays of arrays, where a nested array is the
result returned from a single store.

## Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Performing tasks

`func perform<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue and
awaits the result.

`func performAndWait<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentHistoryTrackingKey

The key you use to enable persistent history tracking.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentHistoryTrackingKey: String

## Discussion

Persistent history tracking is off by default.

## See Also

### Maintaining a record of changes

`func currentPersistentHistoryToken(fromStores: [Any]?) ->
NSPersistentHistoryToken?`

Returns a single persistent history token representing all of the specified
stores.

Instance Method

# currentPersistentHistoryToken(fromStores:)

Returns a single persistent history token representing all of the specified
stores.

iOS 12.0+  iPadOS 12.0+  macOS 10.14+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 12.0+  watchOS
5.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func currentPersistentHistoryToken(fromStores stores: [Any]?) -> NSPersistentHistoryToken?

##  Parameters

`stores`

    

The persistent stores of interest.

## Return Value

A persistent history token, or `nil` if the coordinator can’t create one.

## Discussion

If you specify `nil` or provide an empty array, the coordinator attempts to
create a token for all of its registered stores.

## See Also

### Maintaining a record of changes

`let NSPersistentHistoryTrackingKey: String`

The key you use to enable persistent history tracking.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightExporter

The key you use to specify your Core Spotlight delegate.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightExporter: String

## See Also

### Integrating with Spotlight

`class NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegate`

A set of methods that enable integration with Core Spotlight.

API Reference

Spotlight record keys

The keys for the values that exist in Spotlight’s external record files.

Showcase App Data in Spotlight

​ ​Index app data so users can find it by using Spotlight search. ​​

Instance Method

# managedObjectID(forURIRepresentation:)

Returns the object identifier for the specified URI representation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func managedObjectID(forURIRepresentation url: URL) -> NSManagedObjectID?

##  Parameters

`URL`

    

An URL object containing a URI that specify a managed object.

## Return Value

An object ID for the object specified by `URL`.

## Discussion

The URI representation contains a UUID of the store the ID is coming from, and
the coordinator can match it against the stores added to it.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func uriRepresentation() -> URL`

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

Type Property

# NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

This notification is similar to `NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange`.
If the application is running, Core Data will post this notification before
responding to iCloud account changes or “Delete All” from Documents & Data.

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

`static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges:
NSNotification.Name`

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

Deprecated

Type Property

# NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

The notification's object is the persistent store coordinator that was
affected. The notification’s `userInfo` dictionary contains information about
the stores that were added or removed, specified using the following keys:

  * `NSAddedPersistentStoresKey`

  * `NSRemovedPersistentStoresKey`

  * `NSUUIDChangedPersistentStoresKey`

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

`static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges:
NSNotification.Name`

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

Deprecated

Type Property

# NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

The notification is sent during the invocation of `NSPersistentStore`’s
`willRemove(from:)` method during store deallocation or removal. The
notification's object is the persistent store coordinator will be removed.

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

`static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges:
NSNotification.Name`

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

Deprecated



# NSPersistentStore

Initializer

# init(persistentStoreCoordinator:configurationName:at:options:)

Returns a store initialized with the given arguments.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        persistentStoreCoordinator root: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?,
        configurationName name: String?,
        at url: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`coordinator`

    

A persistent store coordinator.

`configurationName`

    

The name of the managed object model configuration to use. Pass `nil` if you
do not want to specify a configuration.

`url`

    

The URL of the store to load.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing configuration options. See
`NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` for a list of key names for options in this
dictionary.

## Return Value

A new store object, associated with `coordinator`, that represents a
persistent store at url using the options in `options` and—if it is not
`nil`—the managed object model configuration `configurationName`.

## Discussion

You must ensure that you load metadata during initialization and set it using
`metadata`.

### Special Considerations

This is the designated initializer for persistent stores.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`var metadata: [String : Any]!`

The metadata for the persistent store.

Core Data Programming Guide

Atomic Store Programming Topics

Incremental Store Programming Guide

Instance Property

# configurationName

The name of the managed object model configuration that creates the persistent
store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var configurationName: String { get }

## See Also

### Getting Store Configuration

`var options: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The options that Core Data uses to create the store.

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator that loads the persistent store.

`var type: String`

The type string of the persistent store.

`struct NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

The types of persistent stores that Core Data supports.

API Reference

Persistent Store Types

Persist data through the available store types.

Instance Property

# options

The options that Core Data uses to create the store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var options: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get }

## Discussion

See `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` for a list of key names for options in this
dictionary.

## See Also

### Getting Store Configuration

`var configurationName: String`

The name of the managed object model configuration that creates the persistent
store.

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator that loads the persistent store.

`var type: String`

The type string of the persistent store.

`struct NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

The types of persistent stores that Core Data supports.

API Reference

Persistent Store Types

Persist data through the available store types.

Instance Property

# persistentStoreCoordinator

The persistent store coordinator that loads the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    weak var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator? { get }

## See Also

### Getting Store Configuration

`var configurationName: String`

The name of the managed object model configuration that creates the persistent
store.

`var options: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The options that Core Data uses to create the store.

`var type: String`

The type string of the persistent store.

`struct NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

The types of persistent stores that Core Data supports.

API Reference

Persistent Store Types

Persist data through the available store types.

Instance Property

# type

The type string of the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var type: String { get }

## Discussion

This string is used when specifying the type of store to add to a persistent
store coordinator.

### Special Considerations

Subclasses must override this method to provide a unique type.

## See Also

### Getting Store Configuration

`var configurationName: String`

The name of the managed object model configuration that creates the persistent
store.

`var options: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The options that Core Data uses to create the store.

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator that loads the persistent store.

`struct NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

The types of persistent stores that Core Data supports.

API Reference

Persistent Store Types

Persist data through the available store types.

Instance Property

# identifier

The unique identifier for the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var identifier: String! { get set }

## Discussion

The identifier is used as part of the managed object IDs for each object in
the store.

### Special Considerations

`NSPersistentStore` provides a default implementation to provide a globally
unique identifier for the store instance.

## See Also

### Managing Store Attributes

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the persistent store is read-only.

`var url: URL?`

The URL for the persistent store.

### Related Documentation

`var metadata: [String : Any]!`

The metadata for the persistent store.

Instance Property

# isReadOnly

A Boolean value that indicates whether the persistent store is read-only.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isReadOnly: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is read-only, otherwise `false`.

## See Also

### Managing Store Attributes

`var identifier: String!`

The unique identifier for the persistent store.

`var url: URL?`

The URL for the persistent store.

Instance Property

# url

The URL for the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var url: URL? { get set }

## Discussion

To alter the location of a store, send the persistent store coordinator a
`setURL(_:for:)` message.

## See Also

### Managing Store Attributes

`var identifier: String!`

The unique identifier for the persistent store.

`var isReadOnly: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the persistent store is read-only.

Type Method

# metadataForPersistentStore(with:)

Returns the metadata from the persistent store at the given URL.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func metadataForPersistentStore(with url: URL) throws -> [String : Any]

##  Parameters

`url`

    

The location of the store.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

The metadata from the persistent store at `url`. Returns `nil` if there is an
error.

## Discussion

Subclasses must override this method.

### Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Store Metadata

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreAt: URL)`

Sets the metadata for the store at a given URL.

`func loadMetadata()`

Instructs the persistent store to load its metadata.

`var metadata: [String : Any]!`

The metadata for the persistent store.

Type Method

# setMetadata(_:forPersistentStoreAt:)

Sets the metadata for the store at a given URL.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func setMetadata(
        _ metadata: [String : Any]?,
        forPersistentStoreAt url: URL
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`metadata`

    

The metadata for the store at `url`.

`url`

    

The location of the store.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the metadata was written correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

Subclasses must override this method to set metadata appropriately.

### Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Store Metadata

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata from the persistent store at the given URL.

`func loadMetadata()`

Instructs the persistent store to load its metadata.

`var metadata: [String : Any]!`

The metadata for the persistent store.

Instance Method

# loadMetadata()

Instructs the persistent store to load its metadata.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func loadMetadata() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the metadata was loaded correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

There is no way to return an error if the store is invalid.

### Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Store Metadata

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata from the persistent store at the given URL.

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreAt: URL)`

Sets the metadata for the store at a given URL.

`var metadata: [String : Any]!`

The metadata for the persistent store.

Instance Property

# metadata

The metadata for the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var metadata: [String : Any]! { get set }

## Discussion

The dictionary must include the store type (`NSStoreTypeKey`) and UUID
(`NSStoreUUIDKey`).

### Special Considerations

Subclasses must override this property to provide storage and persistence for
the store metadata.

## See Also

### Managing Store Metadata

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata from the persistent store at the given URL.

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreAt: URL)`

Sets the metadata for the store at a given URL.

`func loadMetadata()`

Instructs the persistent store to load its metadata.

Instance Method

# didAdd(to:)

Invoked after the persistent store has been added to the persistent store
coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didAdd(to coordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator)

##  Parameters

`coordinator`

    

The persistent store coordinator to which the receiver was added.

## Discussion

The default implementation does nothing. You can override this method in a
subclass in order to perform any kind of setup necessary before the load
method is invoked.

## See Also

### Responding to the Store Life Cycle

`func willRemove(from: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?)`

Invoked before the persistent store is removed from the persistent store
coordinator.

Instance Method

# willRemove(from:)

Invoked before the persistent store is removed from the persistent store
coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willRemove(from coordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?)

##  Parameters

`coordinator`

    

The persistent store coordinator from which the receiver was removed.

## Discussion

The default implementation does nothing. You can override this method in a
subclass in order to perform any clean-up before the store is removed from the
coordinator (and deallocated).

## See Also

### Responding to the Store Life Cycle

`func didAdd(to: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator)`

Invoked after the persistent store has been added to the persistent store
coordinator.

Instance Property

# coreSpotlightExporter

The spotlight exporter associated with this persistent store.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var coreSpotlightExporter: NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegate { get }

## Discussion

Spotlight support isn’t available in a compatible iPad or iPhone app running
in visionOS.

Type Method

# migrationManagerClass()

Returns the migration manager class for this store class.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func migrationManagerClass() -> AnyClass

## Return Value

The `NSMigrationManager` class for this store class

## Discussion

In a subclass of `NSPersistentStore`, you can override this to provide a
custom migration manager subclass (for example, to take advantage of store-
specific functionality to improve migration performance).



# NSFetchRequestExpression

Type Method

# expression(forFetch:context:countOnly:)

Returns an expression which will evaluate to the result of executing a fetch
request on a context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func expression(
        forFetch fetch: NSExpression,
        context: NSExpression,
        countOnly countFlag: Bool
    ) -> NSExpression

##  Parameters

`fetch`

    

An expression that evaluates to an instance of `NSFetchRequest`.

`context`

    

An expression that evaluates to an instance of `NSManagedObjectContext`.

`countFlag`

    

If `true`, when the new expression is evaluated the managed object context
(from `context`) will perform `count(for:)` with the fetch request (from
`fetch`). If `false`, when the new expression is evaluated the managed object
context will perform `fetch(_:)` with the fetch request.

## Return Value

An expression which will evaluate to the result of executing a fetch request
(from `fetch`) on a managed object context (from `context`).

## See Also

### Related Documentation

Predicate Programming Guide

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Property

# requestExpression

The expression for the receiver’s fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var requestExpression: NSExpression { get }

## Discussion

The expression must evaluate to an `NSFetchRequest` object.

## See Also

### Examining a Fetch Request Expression

`var contextExpression: NSExpression`

The expression for the receiver’s managed object context.

`var isCountOnlyRequest: Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents a
count-only fetch request.

Instance Property

# contextExpression

The expression for the receiver’s managed object context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var contextExpression: NSExpression { get }

## Discussion

The expression must evaluate to an `NSManagedObjectContext` object.

## See Also

### Examining a Fetch Request Expression

`var requestExpression: NSExpression`

The expression for the receiver’s fetch request.

`var isCountOnlyRequest: Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents a
count-only fetch request.

Instance Property

# isCountOnlyRequest

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents a
count-only fetch request.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isCountOnlyRequest: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver represents a count-only fetch request, otherwise
`false`. If this method returns `false`, the managed object context (from the
`contextExpression`) will perform `fetch(_:)`: with the `requestExpression`;
if this method returns `true`, the managed object context will perform
`count(for:)` with the `requestExpression`.

## See Also

### Examining a Fetch Request Expression

`var requestExpression: NSExpression`

The expression for the receiver’s fetch request.

`var contextExpression: NSExpression`

The expression for the receiver’s managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSFetchRequestExpressionType

This constant specifies the fetch request expression type.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSFetchRequestExpressionType: NSExpression.ExpressionType



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions

Initializer

# init(containerIdentifier:)

Initializes container options using the given CloudKit container identifier.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(containerIdentifier: String)

## See Also

### Creating Container Options

`var containerIdentifier: String`

The identifier of the CloudKit container associated with a given store
description.

`var databaseScope: CKDatabase.Scope`

The database scope — public, private, or shared — to use for a specified store
in a persistent CloudKit container.

Instance Property

# containerIdentifier

The identifier of the CloudKit container associated with a given store
description.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var containerIdentifier: String { get }

## See Also

### Creating Container Options

`init(containerIdentifier: String)`

Initializes container options using the given CloudKit container identifier.

`var databaseScope: CKDatabase.Scope`

The database scope — public, private, or shared — to use for a specified store
in a persistent CloudKit container.

Instance Property

# databaseScope

The database scope — public, private, or shared — to use for a specified store
in a persistent CloudKit container.

Core Data  CloudKit  iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+
tvOS 14.0+  watchOS 7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    var databaseScope: CKDatabase.Scope { get set }

## See Also

### Creating Container Options

`init(containerIdentifier: String)`

Initializes container options using the given CloudKit container identifier.

`var containerIdentifier: String`

The identifier of the CloudKit container associated with a given store
description.



# NSManagedObjectContext

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a context that uses the specified concurrency type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    convenience init(_ type: NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType)

##  Parameters

`type`

    

The context’s concurrency type. For possible values, see
`NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType`.

## Discussion

For more information, see Concurrency.

## See Also

### Creating a context

`struct NSManagedObjectContext.ConcurrencyType`

The concurrency types to use with a managed object context.

`enum NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency types you can use with a managed object context.

Instance Property

# persistentStoreCoordinator

The persistent store coordinator of the context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator? { get set }

## Return Value

The persistent store coordinator of the receiver.

## Discussion

The coordinator provides the managed object model and handles persistency.
Note that multiple contexts can share a coordinator. May not be `nil`.

Setting `persistentStoreCoordinator` to `nil` will raise an exception. If you
want to “disconnect" a context from its persistent store coordinator, you
should simply set all strong references to the context to `nil` and allow it
to be deallocated normally.

For more details, see Parent store.

## See Also

### Configuring a context

`var parent: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The parent of the context.

`var name: String?`

The developer-provided name of the context.

`var userInfo: NSMutableDictionary`

The user information for the context.

Instance Property

# parent

The parent of the context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var parent: NSManagedObjectContext? { get set }

## Discussion

`nil` indicates there is no parent context. For more details, see Parent
store.

## See Also

### Configuring a context

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator of the context.

`var name: String?`

The developer-provided name of the context.

`var userInfo: NSMutableDictionary`

The user information for the context.

Instance Property

# name

The developer-provided name of the context.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a context

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator of the context.

`var parent: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The parent of the context.

`var userInfo: NSMutableDictionary`

The user information for the context.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user information for the context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: NSMutableDictionary { get }

## See Also

### Configuring a context

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator of the context.

`var parent: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The parent of the context.

`var name: String?`

The developer-provided name of the context.

Instance Method

# fetch(_:)

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 6.0.1+

    
    
    func fetch(_ request: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) throws -> [Any]

##  Parameters

`request`

    

A fetch request that specifies the search criteria for the fetch.

`error`

    

If there is a problem executing the fetch, upon return contains an instance of
`NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

An array of objects that meet the criteria specified by `request` fetched from
the receiver and from the persistent stores associated with the receiver’s
persistent store coordinator. If an error occurs, returns `nil`. If no objects
match the criteria specified by `request`, returns an empty array.

## Discussion

Returned objects are registered with the receiver.

The following points are important to consider:

  * If the fetch request has no predicate, then all instances of the specified entity are retrieved, modulo other criteria below.

  * An object that meets the criteria specified by `request` (it is an instance of the entity specified by the request, and it matches the request’s predicate if there is one) and that has been inserted into a context but which is not yet saved to a persistent store, is retrieved if the fetch request is executed on that context.

  * If an object in a context has been modified, a predicate is evaluated against its modified state, not against the current state in the persistent store. Therefore, if an object in a context has been modified such that it meets the fetch request’s criteria, the request retrieves it even if changes have not been saved to the store and the values in the store are such that it does not meet the criteria. Conversely, if an object in a context has been modified such that it does not match the fetch request, the fetch request will not retrieve it even if the version in the store does match.

  * If an object has been deleted from the context, the fetch request does not retrieve it even if that deletion has not been saved to a store.

Objects that have been realized (populated, faults fired, “read from”, and so
on) as well as pending updated, inserted, or deleted, are never changed by a
fetch operation without developer intervention. If you fetch some objects,
work with them, and then execute a new fetch that includes a superset of those
objects, you do not get new instances or update data for the existing
objects—you get the existing objects with their current in-memory state.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Predicate Programming Guide

Core Data Snippets

Generic Instance Method

# fetch(_:)

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 8.0+

    
    
    func fetch<T>(_ request: NSFetchRequest<T>) throws -> [T] where T : NSFetchRequestResult

##  Parameters

`request`

    

The fetch request that specifies the search criteria.

## Discussion

This method fetches objects from the context and the persistent stores that
you associate with the context’s persistent store coordinator. The method
registers any objects it retrieves from a store with the context.

Consider the following when fetching:

  * If the fetch request doesn’t have a predicate, it returns all instances of the specified entity.

  * The fetch results include any object in the context that’s an instance of the request’s entity, and that meets the request’s criteria, even if the context has yet to save the object to a persistent store.

  * The fetch request evalutes the in-memory state of each object. Therefore, the fetch results include any unsaved objects with changes that cause them to meet the request’s criteria, even if their counterparts in the persistent store don’t. Conversely, the results don’t include unsaved objects with in-memory changes that mean they no longer meet the criteria, even if their store versions do.

  * The fetch results don’t include deleted objects, even if the context has yet to save the deletion to the persistent store.

A fetch never changes realized objects, or those with pending changes, without
developer intervention. If you fetch objects, modify them, and then execute a
new fetch that includes a superset of those objects, you don’t receive new
instances of those objects. Instead, you receive the existing objects with
their current in-memory state.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Method

# count(for:)

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func count(for request: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) throws -> Int

##  Parameters

`request`

    

A fetch request that specifies the search criteria for the fetch.

`error`

    

If there is a problem executing the fetch, upon return contains an instance of
`NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

The number of objects a given fetch request would have returned if it had been
passed to `fetch(_:)`, or `NSNotFound` if an error occurs.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Method

# registeredObject(for:)

Returns an object that exists in the context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func registeredObject(for objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

The identifier of the object to retrieve. For more information, see
`NSManagedObjectID`.

## Return Value

The identified object, if it’s known to the context; otherwise, `nil`.

## Discussion

This method provides a convenient way to retrieve an object from the context’s
`registeredObjects` property. A `nil` return value means the context doesn’t
recognize the specified object; the object might still exist in the persistent
store. If you need to query both the context and the store, use
`existingObject(with:)` instead.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Method

# object(with:)

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func object(with objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

The identifier of the object to retrieve. For more information, see
`NSManagedObjectID`.

## Return Value

The identified object, if its known to the context; otherwise, a fault with
its `objectID` property set to `objectID`.

## Discussion

If the context doesn’t recognize the specified object, this method returns a
_fault_ — a placeholder object that doesn’t load its properties until your
code accesses them. The context then fetches the corresponding values from the
persistent store and uses those values to turn the fault into a fully realized
object.

When this method returns a fault, Core Data makes no attempts to verify the
existence of the underlying object in the persistent store. If the object
doesn’t exist when the context tries to the fetch the object’s values, the
framework throws an exception.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Method

# existingObject(with:)

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func existingObject(with objectID: NSManagedObjectID) throws -> NSManagedObject

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

The identifier of the object to retrieve. For more information, see
`NSManagedObjectID`.

## Return Value

The identified object from either the context or the persistent store.

## Discussion

If the context recognizes the specified object, the method returns that
object. Otherwise, the context fetches and returns a fully realized object
from the persistent store; unlike `object(with:)`, this method never returns a
fault. If the object doesn’t exist in both the context and the persistent
store, the method throws an error.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Property

# registeredObjects

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject> { get }

## Discussion

A managed object context does not post key-value observing notifications when
the return value of `registeredObjects` changes.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

### Related Documentation

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

Generic Instance Method

# count(for:)

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 8.0+

    
    
    func count<T>(for request: NSFetchRequest<T>) throws -> Int where T : NSFetchRequestResult

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Method

# execute(_:)

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func execute(_ request: NSPersistentStoreRequest) throws -> NSPersistentStoreResult

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Method

# refreshAllObjects()

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

iOS 8.3+  iPadOS 8.3+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func refreshAllObjects()

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

Instance Property

# retainsRegisteredObjects

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context keeps strong references to
all registered managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var retainsRegisteredObjects: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

If set to `true`, the receiver keeps strong references to all registered
managed objects. If set to `false`, then the receiver keeps strong references
to registered objects only when they are inserted, updated, deleted, or
locked. The default is `false`.

## See Also

### Registering and fetching objects

`func fetch(NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> [Any]`

Returns an array of objects that meet the criteria of the specified fetch
request.

`func fetch<T>(NSFetchRequest<T>) -> [T]`

Returns an array of items of the specified type that meet the fetch request’s
critieria.

`func count(for: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Int`

Returns the number of objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func registeredObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject?`

Returns an object that exists in the context.

`func object(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns either an existing object from the context or a fault that represents
that object.

`func existingObject(with: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSManagedObject`

Returns an existing object from either the context or the persistent store.

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`func count<T>(for: NSFetchRequest<T>) -> Int`

Returns a count of the objects the specified request fetches when it executes.

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest) -> NSPersistentStoreResult`

Passes a request to the persistent store without affecting the contents of the
managed object context, and returns a persistent store result.

`func refreshAllObjects()`

Refreshes all of the registered managed objects in the context.

Instance Property

# shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

Use this property to control how the context behaves when it encounters an
_inaccessible fault_ — an object with no underlying data in the persistent
store. For example, you might fetch an object that has a to-many relationship,
but then a background context deletes the related objects from the store
before you traverse that relationship.

When this property is set to `true`, the context returns a managed object with
the following characteristics:

  * The object’s attributes, including scalars, nullable, and mandatory attributes are all set to `nil` or `0`.

  * The object’s `isDeleted` property is set to `true`, which adds the object to the context’s `deletedObjects` set.

  * The object is exempt from validation rules, including optionality, because the object is nonexistent and the context discards it when you next call `save()` or `reset()`.

When the context returns an object with these characteristics, your app can
continue running and process this object in the same way as any other deleted
object.

When this property is set to `false`, the context throws an exception.

The default value is `true`.

Note

You can use query generations to pin a context to a stable view of the store’s
data and isolate that context from changes that other contexts or processes
make. For more information, see Accessing data when the store changes.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

Instance Property

# insertedObjects

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject> { get }

## Discussion

A managed object context does not post key-value observing notifications when
the return value of `insertedObjects` changes—it does, however, post a
`NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange` notification when a change is made,
and a `NSManagedObjectContextWillSave` and a `NSManagedObjectContextDidSave`
notification before and after changes are committed respectively.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

Instance Property

# updatedObjects

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject> { get }

## Discussion

A managed object context does not post key-value observing notifications when
the return value of `updatedObjects` changes. A context does, however, post a
`NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange` notification when a change is made,
and a `NSManagedObjectContextWillSave` notification and a
`NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` notification before and after changes are
committed respectively.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

Instance Property

# deletedObjects

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject> { get }

## Discussion

The returned set does not necessarily include all the objects that have been
deleted (using `delete(_:)`)—if an object has been inserted and deleted
without an intervening save operation, it may not be included in the set.

A managed object context does not post key-value observing notifications when
the return value of `deletedObjects` changes. A context does, however, post a
`NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange` notification when a change is made,
and a `NSManagedObjectContextWillSave` notification and a
`NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` notification before and after changes are
committed respectively (although again the set of deleted objects given for an
`NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` does not include objects that were inserted
and deleted without an intervening save operation—that is, they had never been
saved to a persistent store).

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`var registeredObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of registered managed objects in the context.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

Instance Method

# shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(_:for:triggeredByProperty:)

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(
        _ fault: NSManagedObject,
        for oid: NSManagedObjectID,
        triggeredByProperty property: NSPropertyDescription?
    ) -> Bool

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

Instance Method

# insert(_:)

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func insert(_ object: NSManagedObject)

##  Parameters

`object`

    

A managed object.

## Discussion

The managed object (`object`) is registered in the receiver with a temporary
global ID. It is assigned a permanent global ID when changes are committed. If
the current transaction is rolled back (for example, if the receiver is sent a
`rollback()` message) before a save operation, the object is unregistered from
the receiver.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

Instance Method

# delete(_:)

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func delete(_ object: NSManagedObject)

##  Parameters

`object`

    

A managed object.

## Discussion

When changes are committed, `object` will be removed from the uniquing tables.
If `object` has not yet been saved to a persistent store, it is simply removed
from the receiver.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

Instance Method

# assign(_:to:)

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func assign(
        _ object: Any,
        to store: NSPersistentStore
    )

##  Parameters

`object`

    

A managed object.

`store`

    

A persistent store.

## Discussion

You can obtain a store from the persistent store coordinator, using for
example `persistentStore(for:)`.

### Special Considerations

It is only necessary to use this method if the receiver’s persistent store
coordinator manages multiple writable stores that have `object`’s entity in
their configuration. Maintaining configurations in the managed object model
can eliminate the need for invoking this method directly in many situations.
If the receiver’s persistent store coordinator manages only a single writable
store, or if only one store has `object`’s entity in its model, `object` will
automatically be assigned to that store.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`var persistentStoreCoordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?`

The persistent store coordinator of the context.

Instance Method

# obtainPermanentIDs(for:)

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func obtainPermanentIDs(for objects: [NSManagedObject]) throws

##  Parameters

`objects`

    

An array of managed objects.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if permanent IDs are obtained for all the objects in `objects`,
otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method converts the object ID of each managed object in `objects` to a
permanent ID. Although the object will have a permanent ID, it will still
respond positively to `isInserted` until it is saved. Any object that already
has a permanent ID is ignored.

Any object not already assigned to a store is assigned based on the same rules
Core Data uses for assignment during a save operation (first writable store
supporting the entity, and appropriate for the instance and its related
items).

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

### Special Considerations

This method results in a transaction with the underlying store which changes
the file’s modification date.

In macOS, this results an additional consideration if you invoke this method
on the managed object context associated with an instance of
`NSPersistentDocument`. Instances of `NSDocument` need to know that they are
in sync with the underlying content. To avoid problems, after invoking this
method you must therefore update the document’s modification date (using
`fileModificationDate`).

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

Instance Method

# detectConflicts(for:)

Marks an object for conflict detection.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func detectConflicts(for object: NSManagedObject)

##  Parameters

`object`

    

A managed object.

## Discussion

If on the next invocation of `save()` `object` has been modified in its
persistent store, the save fails. This allows optimistic locking for unchanged
objects. Conflict detection is always performed on changed or deleted objects.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

Instance Method

# refresh(_:mergeChanges:)

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func refresh(
        _ object: NSManagedObject,
        mergeChanges flag: Bool
    )

##  Parameters

`object`

    

A managed object.

`flag`

    

A Boolean value.

If `flag` is `false`, the context discards pending changes and the managed
object becomes a fault. Upon next access, the context reloads the object’s
values from the persistent store or last cached state.

If `flag` is `true`, the context reloads the object’s property values from the
store or the cache. Then the context applies local changes over the newly
loaded values. Merging the local values into `object` always succeeds, and
never results in a merge conflict.

## Discussion

If you call this method before the `stalenessInterval` expires, the context
reloads the data from the cache instead of fetching from the store. If `flag`
is `true`, this method doesn’t affect any transient properties. If `flag` is
`false`, the object disposes the value of transient properties.

You typically use this method to ensure data freshness if multiple managed
object contexts share a single persistent store. You can use this method to
resolve an optimistic locking failure when attempting to save.

Turning `object` into a fault by setting `flag` to `false` breaks strong
references to related managed objects. You can use this method to release a
portion of your object graph if you want to constrain memory usage.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`var stalenessInterval: TimeInterval`

The maximum length of time that may have elapsed since the store previously
fetched data before fulfilling a fault issues a new fetch.

`func reset()`

Returns the context to its base state.

Instance Method

# processPendingChanges()

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func processPendingChanges()

## Discussion

This method causes changes to registered managed objects to be recorded with
the undo manager.

In AppKit-based applications, this method is invoked automatically at least
once during the event loop (at the end of the loop)—it may be called more
often than that if the framework needs to coalesce your changes before doing
something else. You can also invoke it manually to coalesce any pending
unprocessed changes.

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func observeValue(forKeyPath: String?, of: Any?, change: [String : Any]?,
context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

### Related Documentation

`func undo()`

Sends an undo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest uncommitted changes applied to objects in the object graph.

`var undoManager: UndoManager?`

The object that provides undo support for the context.

`func redo()`

Sends a redo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest undo operation applied to objects in the object graph.

Instance Method

# observeValue(forKeyPath:of:change:context:)

Allows a context that has registered as an observer of a value to be notified
of a change to that value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func observeValue(
        forKeyPath keyPath: String?,
        of object: Any?,
        change: [String : Any]?,
        context: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?
    )

## See Also

### Handling managed objects

`var shouldDeleteInaccessibleFaults: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the context turns inaccessible faults
into deleted objects.

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that have been inserted into the context but not yet saved
in a persistent store.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects registered with the context that have uncommitted changes.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`func shouldHandleInaccessibleFault(NSManagedObject, for: NSManagedObjectID,
triggeredByProperty: NSPropertyDescription?) -> Bool`

Creates a log of the inaccessible fault.

`func insert(NSManagedObject)`

Registers an object to be inserted in the context’s persistent store the next
time changes are saved.

`func delete(NSManagedObject)`

Specifies an object that should be removed from its persistent store when
changes are committed.

`func assign(Any, to: NSPersistentStore)`

Specifies the store in which a newly inserted object will be saved.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject])`

Converts to permanent IDs the object IDs of the objects in a given array.

`func detectConflicts(for: NSManagedObject)`

Marks an object for conflict detection.

`func refresh(NSManagedObject, mergeChanges: Bool)`

Updates the persistent properties of a managed object to use the latest values
from the persistent store.

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Type Method

# mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave:into:)

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func mergeChanges(
        fromRemoteContextSave changeNotificationData: [AnyHashable : Any],
        into contexts: [NSManagedObjectContext]
    )

## Discussion

This method more efficiently merges changes into multiple contexts as well as
nested contexts. The dictionary keys should be one or more from an
`NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange`: `NSInsertedObjectsKey`,
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey`, `NSDeletedObjectsKey`. The values should be an
`NSArray` of either `NSManagedObjectID` or `NSURL` objects conforming to valid
results from `uriRepresentation()`.

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Instance Property

# automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool { get set }

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Instance Property

# concurrencyType

The concurrency type for the context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType { get }

## Discussion

For more details on concurrency type, see Concurrency.

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

### Related Documentation

`init(concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType)`

Creates a context that uses the specified concurrency type.

Instance Property

# mergePolicy

The merge policy of the context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var mergePolicy: Any { get set }

## Discussion

The default is `NSErrorMergePolicy`. For possible values, see `NSMergePolicy`.

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Instance Property

# queryGenerationToken

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken? { get }

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Instance Property

# transactionAuthor

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var transactionAuthor: String? { get set }

## Discussion

Set a managed object context’s `transactionAuthor` before saving it to
differentiate among multiple call sites that modify the same context. Doing
this records an `author` in subsequent transactions.

Reset the context’s `transactionAuthor` to nil after the save to prevent
misattribution of future transactions.

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Instance Method

# mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave:)

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave notification: Notification)

##  Parameters

`notification`

    

An instance of an `NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` notification posted by
another context.

## Discussion

This method refreshes any objects which have been updated in the other
context, faults in any newly-inserted objects, and invokes `delete(_:)`: on
those which have been deleted.

You can pass a `NSManagedObjectContextDidSave` notification posted by a
managed object context on another thread, however you must not use the managed
objects in the user info dictionary directly. For more details, see
Concurrency with Core Data.

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func setQueryGenerationFrom(NSQueryGenerationToken?)`

Sets the query generation this context should use.

Instance Method

# setQueryGenerationFrom(_:)

Sets the query generation this context should use.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setQueryGenerationFrom(_ generation: NSQueryGenerationToken?) throws

## See Also

### Managing concurrency

`let NSManagedObjectContextQueryGenerationKey: String`

Constant used to reference the query generation token.

`class func mergeChanges(fromRemoteContextSave: [AnyHashable : Any], into:
[NSManagedObjectContext])`

Handles changes from other processes or from a serialized state.

`var automaticallyMergesChangesFromParent: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context automatically merges
changes saved to its persistent store coordinator or parent context.

`var concurrencyType: NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType`

The concurrency type for the context.

`var mergePolicy: Any`

The merge policy of the context.

`var queryGenerationToken: NSQueryGenerationToken?`

Returns the token associated with the query generation currently in use by
this context.

`var transactionAuthor: String?`

The author for the context that is used as an identifier in persistent history
transactions.

`func mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave: Notification)`

Merges the changes specified in a given notification.

Type Property

# didChangeObjectsNotification

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name

## Discussion

The notification object is the managed object context. The `userInfo`
dictionary contains the following keys: `NSInsertedObjectsKey`,
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey`, and `NSDeletedObjectsKey`.

You can only use the managed objects in this notification on the same thread
that it posts on.

You can pass the notification object to `mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave:)` on
another thread, however, you must not use the managed object in the user info
dictionary directly on another thread.

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Type Property

# NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

The notification is posted during `processPendingChanges()`, after the changes
have been processed, but before it is safe to call `save()` again (if you try,
you will generate an infinite loop).

The notification object is the managed object context. The userInfo dictionary
contains the following keys: `NSInsertedObjectsKey`, `NSUpdatedObjectsKey`,
and `NSDeletedObjectsKey`.

Note that this notification is posted only when managed objects are _changed_
; it is not posted when managed objects are added to a context as the result
of a fetch.

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

`static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges:
NSNotification.Name`

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

Deprecated

Type Property

# didSaveObjectsNotification

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name

## Discussion

The notification object is the managed object context. The `userInfo`
dictionary contains the following keys: `NSInsertedObjectsKey`,
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey`, and `NSDeletedObjectsKey`.

You can only use the managed objects in this notification on the same thread
that it posts on.

You can pass the notification object to `mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave:)` on
another thread, however, you must not use the managed object in the user info
dictionary directly on another thread.

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Type Property

# NSManagedObjectContextDidSave

A notification that the context completed a save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

The notification object is the managed object context. The userInfo dictionary
contains the following keys: `NSInsertedObjectsKey`, `NSUpdatedObjectsKey`,
and `NSDeletedObjectsKey`.

You can only use the managed objects in this notification on the same thread
on which it was posted.

You can pass the notification object to `mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave:)` on
another thread, however you must not use the managed object in the user info
dictionary directly on another thread. For more details, see Concurrency with
Core Data.

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

`static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges:
NSNotification.Name`

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

Deprecated

Type Property

# willSaveObjectsNotification

A notification that the context is about to save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name

## Discussion

The notification object is the managed object context. There is no `userInfo`
dictionary.

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Type Property

# NSManagedObjectContextWillSave

A notification that the context is about to save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

The notification object is the managed object context. There is no userInfo
dictionary.

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

`static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges:
NSNotification.Name`

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSInsertedObjectsKey

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Global Variable

# NSUpdatedObjectsKey

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Global Variable

# NSDeletedObjectsKey

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Global Variable

# NSRefreshedObjectsKey

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Global Variable

# NSInvalidatedObjectsKey

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Global Variable

# NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Type Property

# didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Type Property

# didSaveObjectIDsNotification

A notification that posts when the context saves changes.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    static let didSaveObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name

## See Also

### Managing notifications

`static let didChangeObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let didSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that posts when the context completes a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let willSaveObjectsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`let NSInsertedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were inserted into the context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were updated.

`let NSDeletedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were marked for deletion during the previous
event.

`let NSRefreshedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were refreshed but were not dirtied in the
scope of this context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectsKey: String`

A key for the set of objects that were invalidated.

`let NSInvalidatedAllObjectsKey: String`

A key that specifies that all objects in the context have been invalidated.

`static let didMergeChangesObjectIDsNotification: Notification.Name`

A notification that a posts when changes to managed objects with the specified
object identifiers merge into the context.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey`

Keys to access details in user info dictionaries of managed object context
notifications.

Instance Method

# save()

Attempts to commit unsaved changes to registered objects to the context’s
parent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func save() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

A pointer to an `NSError` object. You do not need to create an `NSError`
object. The save operation aborts after the first failure if you pass `NULL`.

## Return Value

`true` if the save succeeds, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

If there were multiple errors (for example several edited objects had
validation failures) the description of `NSError` returned indicates that
there were multiple errors, and its userInfo dictionary contains the key
`NSDetailedErrors`. The value associated with the `NSDetailedErrors` key is an
array that contains the individual `NSError` objects.

If a context’s parent store is a persistent store coordinator, then changes
are committed to the external store. If a context’s parent store is another
managed object context, then `save()` only updates managed objects in that
parent store. To commit changes to the external store, you must save changes
in the chain of contexts up to and including the context whose parent is the
persistent store coordinator.

Important

Always verify that the context has uncommitted changes (using the `hasChanges`
property) before invoking the `save:` method. Otherwise, Core Data may perform
unnecessary work.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing unsaved and uncommitted changes

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context has uncommitted changes.

Instance Property

# hasChanges

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context has uncommitted changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var hasChanges: Bool { get }

## Discussion

If you are observing this property using key-value observing (KVO) you should
not touch the context or its objects within your implementation of
`observeValue(forKeyPath:of:change:context:)` for this notification. (This is
because of the intricacy of the locations of the KVO notifications—for
example, the context may be in the middle of an undo operation, or repairing a
merge conflict.) If you need to send messages to the context or change any of
its managed objects as a result of a change to the value of `hasChanges`, you
must do so after the call stack unwinds (typically using
`perform(_:with:afterDelay:)` or a similar method).

### Special Considerations

In macOS 10.6 and later, this property is Key-value observing compliant.

## See Also

### Managing unsaved and uncommitted changes

`func save()`

Attempts to commit unsaved changes to registered objects to the context’s
parent store.

Instance Property

# undoManager

The object that provides undo support for the context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var undoManager: UndoManager? { get set }

## Discussion

Enable undo support for a context by setting this property to an instance of
`UndoManager`. This can be an undo manager that’s exclusive to the context, or
an existing undo manager if you want to integrate the context’s undo
operations with those of the rest of your app.

If your context uses an undo manager, you can realize a performance benefit by
temporarily setting this property to `nil` when performing expensive
operations on that context, such as importing a large number of objects.

The default value is `nil`.

## See Also

### Undoing changes

`func undo()`

Sends an undo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest uncommitted changes applied to objects in the object graph.

`func redo()`

Sends a redo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest undo operation applied to objects in the object graph.

`func reset()`

Returns the context to its base state.

`func rollback()`

Removes everything from the undo stack, discards all insertions and deletions,
and restores updated objects to their last committed values.

Instance Method

# undo()

Sends an undo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest uncommitted changes applied to objects in the object graph.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func undo()

## See Also

### Undoing changes

`var undoManager: UndoManager?`

The object that provides undo support for the context.

`func redo()`

Sends a redo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest undo operation applied to objects in the object graph.

`func reset()`

Returns the context to its base state.

`func rollback()`

Removes everything from the undo stack, discards all insertions and deletions,
and restores updated objects to their last committed values.

### Related Documentation

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

Instance Method

# redo()

Sends a redo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest undo operation applied to objects in the object graph.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func redo()

## See Also

### Undoing changes

`var undoManager: UndoManager?`

The object that provides undo support for the context.

`func undo()`

Sends an undo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest uncommitted changes applied to objects in the object graph.

`func reset()`

Returns the context to its base state.

`func rollback()`

Removes everything from the undo stack, discards all insertions and deletions,
and restores updated objects to their last committed values.

### Related Documentation

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

Instance Method

# reset()

Returns the context to its base state.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func reset()

## Discussion

All the receiver's managed objects are “forgotten.” If you use this method,
you should ensure that you also discard references to any managed objects
fetched using the receiver, since they will be invalid afterwards.

## See Also

### Undoing changes

`var undoManager: UndoManager?`

The object that provides undo support for the context.

`func undo()`

Sends an undo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest uncommitted changes applied to objects in the object graph.

`func redo()`

Sends a redo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest undo operation applied to objects in the object graph.

`func rollback()`

Removes everything from the undo stack, discards all insertions and deletions,
and restores updated objects to their last committed values.

### Related Documentation

`var stalenessInterval: TimeInterval`

The maximum length of time that may have elapsed since the store previously
fetched data before fulfilling a fault issues a new fetch.

Instance Method

# rollback()

Removes everything from the undo stack, discards all insertions and deletions,
and restores updated objects to their last committed values.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func rollback()

## Discussion

This method does not refetch data from the persistent store or stores.

## See Also

### Undoing changes

`var undoManager: UndoManager?`

The object that provides undo support for the context.

`func undo()`

Sends an undo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest uncommitted changes applied to objects in the object graph.

`func redo()`

Sends a redo message to the context’s undo manager, asking it to reverse the
latest undo operation applied to objects in the object graph.

`func reset()`

Returns the context to its base state.

### Related Documentation

`func processPendingChanges()`

Forces the context to process changes to the object graph.

`var stalenessInterval: TimeInterval`

The maximum length of time that may have elapsed since the store previously
fetched data before fulfilling a fault issues a new fetch.

Instance Property

# propagatesDeletesAtEndOfEvent

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context propagates deletes at the
end of the event in which a change was made.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propagatesDeletesAtEndOfEvent: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver propagates deletes at the end of the event in which a
change was made, `false` if it propagates deletes only during a save
operation. The default is `true`.

Instance Property

# stalenessInterval

The maximum length of time that may have elapsed since the store previously
fetched data before fulfilling a fault issues a new fetch.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var stalenessInterval: TimeInterval { get set }

## Discussion

The staleness interval controls whether _fulfilling a fault_ uses data
previously fetched by the application, or issues a new fetch (see also
`refresh(_:mergeChanges:)`). The staleness interval does _not_ affect objects
currently in use (that is, it is _not_ used to automatically update property
values from a persistent store after a certain period of time).

The expiration value is applied on a per object basis. It is the relative time
until cached data (snapshots) should be considered stale. For example, a value
of 300.0 informs the context to utilize cached information for no more than 5
minutes after an object was originally fetched.

Note that the staleness interval is a hint and may not be supported by all
persistent store types. It is not used by XML and binary stores, because these
stores maintain all current values in memory.

The default is a negative value, which represents infinite staleness allowed.
`0.0` represents “no staleness acceptable”.

Instance Method

# perform(_:)

Asynchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func perform(_ block: @escaping () -> Void)

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to perform.

## Discussion

This method encapsulates an autorelease pool and a call to
`processPendingChanges()`.

## See Also

### Performing block operations

`func perform<T>(schedule: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType, () -> T)
-> T`

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for asynchronous execution.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Synchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

`func performAndWait<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for synchronous execution.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType`

The different types of scheduled tasks.

Generic Instance Method

# perform(schedule:_:)

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for asynchronous execution.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func perform<T>(
        schedule: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType = .immediate,
        _ block: @escaping () throws -> T
    ) async rethrows -> T

##  Parameters

`schedule`

    

The required execution schedule. For more information, see
`NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType`.

`block`

    

The closure to perform.

## See Also

### Performing block operations

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Asynchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Synchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

`func performAndWait<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for synchronous execution.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType`

The different types of scheduled tasks.

Instance Method

# performAndWait(_:)

Synchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func performAndWait(_ block: () -> Void)

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to perform.

## Discussion

This method supports _reentrancy_ — meaning it’s safe to call the method
again, from within the closure, before the previous invocation completes.

## See Also

### Performing block operations

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Asynchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

`func perform<T>(schedule: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType, () -> T)
-> T`

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for asynchronous execution.

`func performAndWait<T>(() -> T) -> T`

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for synchronous execution.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType`

The different types of scheduled tasks.

Generic Instance Method

# performAndWait(_:)

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for synchronous execution.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func performAndWait<T>(_ block: () throws -> T) rethrows -> T

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to perform.

## Discussion

This method supports _reentrancy_ — meaning it’s safe to call the method
again, from within the closure, before the previous invocation completes.

## See Also

### Performing block operations

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Asynchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

`func perform<T>(schedule: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType, () -> T)
-> T`

Submits a closure to the context’s queue for asynchronous execution.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Synchronously performs the specified closure on the context’s queue.

`enum NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType`

The different types of scheduled tasks.



# Mirroring a Core Data store with CloudKit

Article

# Setting Up Core Data with CloudKit

Set up the classes and capabilities that sync your store to CloudKit.

## Overview

To sync your Core Data store to CloudKit, you enable the CloudKit capability
for your app. You also set up the Core Data stack with a persistent container
that is capable of managing one or more local persistent stores that are
backed by a CloudKit private database.

### Configure a New Xcode Project

When you create a new project, you specify whether you want to add support for
Core Data with CloudKit directly from the project setup interface. The
resulting project instantiates an `NSPersistentCloudKitContainer` in your
app’s delegate. Once you enable CloudKit in your project, you use this
container to manage one or more local stores that are backed with a CloudKit
database.

  1. Choose File > New > Project to create a new project.

  2. Select a project template to use as the starting point for your project, and click Next. 

  3. Select the Use Core Data and Use CloudKit checkboxes.

  4. Enter any other project details and click Next.

  5. Specify a location for your project and click Create.

Not all project templates support Core Data. If the template you want to use
doesn’t support Core Data, add Core Data to the project as described in
Setting up a Core Data stack. Then add Core Data with CloudKit as described in
Update an Existing Xcode Project.

### Enable iCloud

Core Data with CloudKit requires specific entitlements for your app to
communicate with the server. Begin by adding the iCloud capability to your
Xcode project.

  1. In Project Settings, select the Signing & Capabilities tab. 

  2. Make sure that “Automatically manage signing” is selected. 

  3. Specify your development team.

  4. Click the + Capability button, then do a search for iCloud in the Add Capability editor and select that capability.

An iCloud section appears on your app’s Signing & Capabilities page.

### Enable CloudKit and Push Notifications

Core Data with CloudKit uses the CloudKit service to access your team’s
containers. To enable CloudKit, configure the iCloud capability.

  1. In Project Settings, select the Signing & Capabilities tab. 

  2. In the iCloud section, under Services, select the CloudKit checkbox. This selection also adds push notifications that notify your app when remote content has changed.

  3. Under Containers, leave the selection as “Use default container.” 

Xcode checks that your development team supports the Push Notification and
iCloud capabilities, then registers your app’s bundle identifier and manages
provisioning profiles.

For more information about working with CloudKit containers and setting up
profiles, see Enabling CloudKit in Your App.

### Enable Remote Notifications in the Background

For CloudKit to silently notify your app when new content is available,
without presenting a user notification such as an alert, sound, or badge, you
need to enable the remote notifications background mode.

  1. In Project Settings, select the Signing & Capabilities tab. 

  2. Click the + Capability button, then do a search for Background Modes in the Add Capability editor and select that capability.

  3. Select the “Remote notifications” checkbox.

For more information about silent notifications, see Pushing background
updates to your App.

### Update an Existing Xcode Project

If you want to add Core Data with CloudKit to an app that already uses Core
Data, you need to modify both your project’s configuration and some of its
code.

First, enable iCloud, CloudKit, push notifications, and remote notifications
in the background as described in the preceeding sections. Then, replace your
persistent container with an instance of `NSPersistentCloudKitContainer`.

For example, if you created a project from the iOS Single View App template,
with the Use Core Data checkbox selected, the following code appeared in your
app’s delegate:

`NSPersistentContainer` supports only local persistent stores. To add the
ability to sync a local store to a CloudKit database, replace
`NSPersistentContainer` with the subclass `NSPersistentCloudKitContainer`.

### Manage Multiple Stores

You may wish to mirror a subset of your data using CloudKit, while keeping
other data completely local. You can add configurations to your model to
organize your data in separate stores, then choose which stores to sync to
CloudKit.

  1. Open your project’s `.xcdatamodeld` file.

  2. Choose Editor > Add Configuration.

  3. Drag each entity into a configuration.

  4. Select a configuration that you want to sync to CloudKit, then select the "Used with CloudKit" checkbox in the data model editor. Repeat for each configuration that you want to sync. 

For an app without configurations, `NSPersistentCloudKitContainer` matches the
first store description with the first CloudKit container identifier in the
entitlements.

For an app with configurations, you need to tell it which CloudKit container,
if any, to use with each store. For each of your configurations, make the
following changes to your container setup:

  1. Create an `NSPersistentStoreDescription`.

  2. Set the store description’s configuration.

  3. If this configuration should synchronize to CloudKit, set the store description’s `cloudKitContainerOptions` to an instance of `NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions`. Provide the container identifier of your CloudKit container in the initializer.

  4. Add the store description to the persistent container before loading the store.

The following example code creates two store descriptions: one for the “Local”
configuration, and one for the “Cloud” configuration. It then sets the cloud
store description’s `cloudKitContainerOptions` to match the store with its
CloudKit container. Finally, it updates the container’s list of persistent
store descriptions to include all local and cloud-backed store descriptions,
and loads both stores.

## See Also

### Configuring CloudKit Mirroring

Creating a Core Data Model for CloudKit

Design a CloudKit-compatible data model and initialize your CloudKit schema.

Syncing a Core Data Store with CloudKit

Synchronize objects between devices, and handle store changes in the user
interface.

Reading CloudKit Records for Core Data

Access CloudKit records created from Core Data managed objects.

Article

# Creating a Core Data Model for CloudKit

Design a CloudKit-compatible data model and initialize your CloudKit schema.

## Overview

To pass records between a Core Data store and a CloudKit database, they both
require a shared understanding of the data structure. You define this in the
Core Data model and then use that to generate a CloudKit schema.

### Create a Data Model

Use Xcode’s Core Data model editor to define your app’s entities and their
attributes, or construct your model in code. For more information, see
Creating a Core Data model and the articles under Modeling data.

CloudKit doesn’t support all the features of a Core Data model. As you design
your model, be aware of the following limitations and make sure you create a
compatible data model.

Core Data model element| CloudKit schema limitation  
---|---  
**Entities**|  Unique constraints aren’t supported.  
**Attributes**| `Undefined` and `objectID` attribute types aren’t supported.  
**Relationships**|  All relationships must be optional. Due to operation size
limitations, CloudKit may not save relationship changes atomically.All
relationships must have an inverse, in case the records synchronize out of
order.CloudKit doesn’t support the Deny deletion rule.  
**Configurations**|  Entities in a configuration must not have relationships
to entities in another configuration.  
  
For more information about how Core Data translates managed objects to
CloudKit records, see Reading CloudKit Records for Core Data.

### Initialize Your CloudKit Schema During Development

After creating your Core Data model, inform CloudKit about the types of
records it contains by initializing a development schema. This is a draft
schema that you can rewrite as often as necessary during development. You
can’t delete a record type or modify any existing attributes after you promote
a development schema to production.

Use the persistent container to initialize the development schema, which you
can do during app launch or from within one or more integration tests. To
exclude schema initialization from your production builds, use the following:

After initializing the schema, the console contains an entry similar to the
following:

    
    
    <NSCloudKitMirroringDelegate: 0x7f9699d29a90>: Successfully set up CloudKit 
        integration for store
    

While initializing the schema, Core Data creates a temporary instance of each
distinct record type in each of the container’s stores that mirror to a
CloudKit database and uploads them to the iCloud servers. After completing the
upload, the schema is visible in the CloudKit dashboard and Core Data removes
the temporary records.

For more information about configuring a CloudKit persistent container, see
Setting Up Core Data with CloudKit.

### Reset the Environment

As you change the model during development, periodically visit the CloudKit
dashboard to reset the development environment and delete the existing
development schema, before initializing a new one. For more information about
resetting the development environment, see Using CloudKit Dashboard to Manage
Databases.

### Promote the Schema to Production

When you’re happy with your data model, have a fully tested app, and are ready
to submit it to the App Store, it’s time to promote your schema from
development to production.

Important

After you promote your schema to production, the record types and their fields
are immutable and exist for all time. You can add new record types, and
additional fields to existing record types, but you can’t modify or delete
existing record types.

Initialize your schema one last time, then promote it from the CloudKit
dashboard. For more information about promoting a schema from development to
production, see Deploying the Schema.

### Update the Production Schema

Plan carefully for how your app handles forward compatibility and major
changes to the data model, because you can’t rename or delete CloudKit record
types and fields in production. Consider these strategies:

  * Migrate users to a completely new store, using `NSPersistentCloudKitContainerOptions` to associate the new store with a new container.

  * Incrementally add new fields to existing record types. If you adopt this approach, older versions of your app have access to every record a user creates, but not every field.

  * Version your entities by including a `version` attribute from the outset, and use a fetch request to select only those records that are compatible with the current version of the app. If you adopt this approach, older versions of your app won’t fetch records that a user creates with a more recent version, effectively hiding them on that device.

For example, consider a `Post` entity with a `version` attribute that stores
the version of the app that creates the record. You can use a predicate to
fetch only the records that are compatible with the current version of the
app.

Along with these choices, consider your timelines for supporting multiple
versions of your app, and for migrating users to newer app versions.

For tips on migrating records to a new schema, see Designing for CloudKit. For
more information about Core Data model migration, see Migrating your data
model automatically. For heavyweight migrations, see the Core Data Model
Versioning and Data Migration guide.

## See Also

### Configuring CloudKit Mirroring

Setting Up Core Data with CloudKit

Set up the classes and capabilities that sync your store to CloudKit.

Syncing a Core Data Store with CloudKit

Synchronize objects between devices, and handle store changes in the user
interface.

Reading CloudKit Records for Core Data

Access CloudKit records created from Core Data managed objects.

Article

# Syncing a Core Data Store with CloudKit

Synchronize objects between devices, and handle store changes in the user
interface.

## Overview

Once you set up your Xcode project (see Setting Up Core Data with CloudKit)
and initialize your development schema (see Creating a Core Data Model for
CloudKit), you’re ready to sync a Core Data store to CloudKit.

### Run Your App and Create Managed Object Instances

Run your app and begin creating `NSManagedObject` instances. The objects
automatically synchronize with the CloudKit database and propagate to other
devices logged into the same iCloud account. The tasks that send changes to
the cloud and receive remote changes in the local store happen on the system
in the background. You don’t need to add any code to your project to
synchronize records across devices.

It can be helpful to think of this process as similar to the water cycle.
Water evaporates up and rains down on a natural cadence. Similarly, changes
move from Core Data up to CloudKit and across to other devices on a natural
rhythm within the system event loop.

Generally, you can expect data to synchronize a local change within about a
minute of the change. Core Data also occasionally syncs CloudKit data in
scenarios such as when the app hasn’t synced in a long time.

### Upload Core Data Changes to CloudKit

When the user makes a change on one device, Core Data uploads the change to
CloudKit before sending it to the user’s other devices.

First, the user creates, updates, or deletes a managed object, such as adding
a post or editing a tag. When its managed object context saves changes to the
store, Core Data creates a background task for the system to convert the
`NSManagedObject` to a `CKRecord`. The system executes the task, creating the
record and uploading it to CloudKit.

For more information about background tasks, see `UIApplication`.

### Download CloudKit Changes into Core Data

After CloudKit receives a change and saves it to the CloudKit store, it
notifies the user’s other devices about the change.

First, CloudKit periodically sends push notifications to other devices on a
user’s account. Then, on each device, the system creates a background task to
download all of the changed records since the last fetch and converts them
into instances of `NSManagedObject`. Finally, Core Data saves these managed
objects into the local store.

For more information about push notifications, see User Notifications.

### Isolate the Current View from Store Changes

Consider what happens if a user deletes a record from their phone. This change
uploads to CloudKit, and later downloads to a laptop and an iPad. The iPad’s
current view may still show the record if the UI hasn’t updated with the
changes yet. The user taps on the now-deleted record, which is no longer
available in the store. This may lead to inconsistent representation of the
record, such as missing data, in your UI.

For this reason, you need to isolate the current view from changes to the
store by ensuring that the records the view expects continue to exist. Using
query generations, you pin the persistent container’s `viewContext` to a
specific generation of store data. This allows the context to fulfill faults —
placeholder objects whose values haven’t yet been fetched — that existed at
the time the view loaded, even if the store changes underneath.

Pin a context to a query generation before its first read from the store.

Any time you save, merge, or reset the context, it automatically updates its
pin to the current query generation.

For more information about faults, see Faulting and Uniquing.

For more information about query generations, see Accessing data when the
store changes.

### Integrate Store Changes Relevant to the Current View

Your app receives remote change notifications when the local store updates
from CloudKit. However, it’s unnecessary to update your UI in response to
every notification, because some changes may not be relevant to the current
view.

Analyze the persistent history to determine whether the changes are relevant
to the current view before consuming them in the user interface. Inspect the
details of each transaction, such as the entity name, its updated properties,
and the type of change, to decide whether to act.

For more information about persistent history tracking, see Consuming relevant
store changes.

### Debug Errors in Core Data with CloudKit

Most errors, like those that result from a network failure or a user not being
signed in, are transient and don’t require action. You can choose the level of
detail that Core Data with CloudKit logs to the system log.

Choose Product > Scheme > Edit Scheme. Select an action such as Run, and
select the Arguments tab. Pass the `com.apple.CoreData.CloudKitDebug` user
default setting with a debug level value as an argument to the application.

Higher argument values produce more information; start at `1` and increase if
you need more detail. For more information about handling errors, see
Troubleshooting Core Data.

If you observe persistent errors that don’t automatically recover, file a bug.
For more information about bug reporting, see Submitting Bugs and Feedback.

### Inspect Logs to See What Happened

If Core Data with CloudKit doesn’t appear to be syncing, confirm that you’re
testing on two unlocked devices logged into the same iCloud account, with good
wireless internet connections.

Push notifications may get dropped or deferred, so don’t rely on them for
testing. Watch system logs to observe the status and result of expected
activity. Run the `log stream` command from the terminal, filtering by process
and container ID. If the logs don’t include the operation, your push may have
been dropped. Check the originating device for export activity.

Filter CloudKit logs to see operations on the `cloudd` process for your
container.

Filter Core Data logs to see information about the mirroring delegate’s setup,
exports, and imports for your process.

Or monitor both CloudKit and Core Data logs at the same time.

For more information about logging, see Viewing Log Messages.

## See Also

### Configuring CloudKit Mirroring

Setting Up Core Data with CloudKit

Set up the classes and capabilities that sync your store to CloudKit.

Creating a Core Data Model for CloudKit

Design a CloudKit-compatible data model and initialize your CloudKit schema.

Reading CloudKit Records for Core Data

Access CloudKit records created from Core Data managed objects.

Article

# Reading CloudKit Records for Core Data

Access CloudKit records created from Core Data managed objects.

## Overview

Although your Core Data app interacts primarily with managed objects, you can
access a managed object’s `CKRecord` directly. This is useful if you’re
leveraging CloudKit to add features like sharing. You can also use CloudKit JS
to access CloudKit records from your web app.

To prevent collision with existing CloudKit record types and reserved names,
CloudKit prefixes the `CKRecord` types and fields it creates for your Core
Data entities with `CD_`.

To work with records directly, you need to understand the mappings between
entities and record types, attributes and fields, and the ways a record stores
relationships.

Note

Core Data doesn’t use CloudKit’s native support for relationships,
`CKRecord.Reference`, because this field limits the number of references to
750, and cannot represent many-to-many relationships. Core Data stores the
relationship in CloudKit according to its cardinality (one-to-one, one-to-
many, or many-to-many), as described in this article.

### Read Entities from Record Types

CloudKit doesn’t typically support inheritance, so it provides only a single
system field, `recordType`, to hold type information. Core Data stores the
name of the _root entity_ from the inheritance hierarchy in `recordType`.

When you initialize a schema, Core Data adds a custom field to the record
type, `CD_entityName`, to store the name of the _current entity_.

For example, an entity named `Post` generates the following structure (before
adding its attributes), with its `CD_entityName` set to `Post`, and its
`recordType` set to `CD_Post`.

Consider a second entity, `ImagePost`, that inherits from Post.

`ImagePost` generates the following structure (before adding its attributes),
with its `CD_entityName` set to `ImagePost`, and its `recordType` set to
`CD_Post`.

Query against `recordType` when searching against an entity’s inheritance
hierarchy. Query against `CD_entityName` when searching for instances of a
specific type.

For more information about CloudKit queries, see `CKQuery`.

### Read Attributes from Fields

When you initialize a schema, Core Data creates fields for each of an entity’s
attributes, mapping the attribute name to a field with a key in the form
`CD_[attribute.name]`. The field’s type may vary between Core Data and
CloudKit.

Core Data attribute type| `NSManagedObject` attribute type| `CKRecord`
attribute type  
---|---|---  
`Integer 16`| `NSNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`Integer 32`| `NSNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`Integer 64`| `NSNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`Double`| `NSNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`Float`| `NSNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`Boolean`| `NSNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`Date`| `NSDate`| `NSDate`  
`Decimal`| `NSDecimalNumber`| `NSNumber`  
`UUID`| `NSUUID`| `NSString`  
`URI`| `NSURL`| `NSString`  
`String`| `NSString`| `NSString` or `CKAsset`  
`Binary Data`| `NSData`| `NSData` or `CKAsset`  
`Transformable`| `NSData`| `NSData` or `CKAsset`  
`Undefined `| —| not supported  
`Object ID`| —| not supported  
  
All variable length attribute types—String, Binary Data, and
Transformable—generate an additional field with a key in the form
`CD_[attribute.name]_ckAsset`. If a field’s value grows too large to store
within the record size limit of 1MB, Core Data automatically converts the
value to an external asset. Core Data transitions between the original field
and its asset counterpart transparently during serialization. When inspecting
a CloudKit record directly, check the length of the original field’s value; if
it is zero, look in the asset field.

For example, an entity named `Post` with String `content` and `title`
attributes would generate the following fully materialized record, with pairs
of fields for `CD_content and` `CD_content_ckAsset`, and for `CD_title` and
`CD_title_ckAsset`.

### Read One-to-One Relationships from Fields

One-to-one relationships store foreign keys in both related records, mapping
the relationship name to a field with a key in the form
`CD_[relationship.name]`. This field stores the foreign key of the related
object in the form `CKRecord.recordID.recordName`.

For example, consider a one-to-one relationship between an `ImageData` entity
and an `Attachment` entity. In Core Data, the `Attachment` has an `imageData`
relationship, and the `ImageData` has an `attachment` relationship.

This one-to-one relationship between `ImageData` and `Attachment` would
generate the following CloudKit records.

The `CD_imageData` field on the `CD_Attachment` contains the foreign key of
the image, and the `CD_attachment` field on the `CD_ImageData` contains the
foreign key of the attachment.

### Read One-to-Many Relationships from Fields

One-to-many relationships store a foreign key on each record on the many side
of the relationship, mapping the relationship name to a field with a key in
the form `CD_[relationship name]`. This field stores the foreign key of the
related object in the form `CKRecord.recordID.recordName`.

For example, a one-to-many relationship between a single `Post` and multiple
`Attachment` instances would generate multiple `CD_Attachment` records. Each
record contains the foreign key of the `Post` it belongs to in their `CD_post`
field.

Generated `Post` records don’t contain a reference to their attachments.

### Read Many-to-Many Relationships from CDMR Records

Many-to-many relationships model the join table using a custom Core Data
Mirrored Relationship (CDMR) record type.

CloudKit doesn’t support the notion of a join, and it’s inefficient to encode
arrays on both records and keep them in sync. Instead, Core Data constructs a
CDMR record to accurately and succintly capture all of the criteria of the
join.

CDMR records have the following fields.

CDMR Field| Description  
---|---  
`CD_entityNames`| An alphabetically sorted, semicolon-separated list of the
entities in the relationship, for example, `“Post:Tag”`. The ordering of this
field determines the ordering for all other fields.  
`CD_recordNames`| The record names of the two related objects, for example,
`“CD_Post_F587C290-BC2F-441B-98FC-1357BA89C411:CD_Tag_215FA1E0-6A16-4A2B-BFA2-C13202BE6D50”`,
sorted according to the CD_entityNames order.  
`CD_relationships`| The relationship names, for example, `“tags:posts”`,
sorted according to the CD_entityNames order.  
  
For example, consider a many-to-many relationship between `Tag` and `Post`
entities.

The individual `Tag` and `Post` records don’t contain fields for the
relationship.

The relationship between any two `Tag` and `Post` records exists in a third
CDMR record. The CDMR record describes the entity type, record name, and Core
Data relationship between the `Tag` and `Post`.

The structure of a CDMR record is carefully designed to occupy the minimum
necessary footprint, and to require the least effort to decode and work with,
making it usable outside the Core Data framework.

### Access CloudKit Objects

You can access a managed object’s `CKRecord` directly through its associated
context using `record(for:)` for a single record, or `records(for:)` for
multiple records. To retrieve the record ID only, use `recordID(for:)`, or
`recordIDs(for:)`.

Alternatively, use the class functions `record(for:)`, `records(for:)`,
`recordID(for:)`, and `recordIDs(for:)` on `NSPersistentCloudKitContainer`.

## See Also

### Configuring CloudKit Mirroring

Setting Up Core Data with CloudKit

Set up the classes and capabilities that sync your store to CloudKit.

Creating a Core Data Model for CloudKit

Design a CloudKit-compatible data model and initialize your CloudKit schema.

Syncing a Core Data Store with CloudKit

Synchronize objects between devices, and handle store changes in the user
interface.



# NSFetchedPropertyDescription

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The fetch request of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the fetch request raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Predicate Programming Guide

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The fetch request of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the fetch request raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Predicate Programming Guide



# Core Data Constants

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

iOS 6.0+  iPadOS 6.0+  macOS 10.8+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

iOS 6.0+  iPadOS 6.0+  macOS 10.8+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

iOS 6.0+  iPadOS 6.0+  macOS 10.8+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

iOS 4.0+  iPadOS 4.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

iOS 4.1+  iPadOS 4.1+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

iOS 6.0+  iPadOS 6.0+  macOS 10.8+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

iOS 6.0+  iPadOS 6.0+  macOS 10.8+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.3.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_3: Double { get }

## See Also

### Core Data Versions

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber: Double`

The version of Core Data available in the current process.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_10_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.10.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_11_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.11.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.4.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_5_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.5.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_6_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.6.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_7_4: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.7.4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_8_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.8.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber10_9_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with macOS 10.9.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_3_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 3.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_4_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 4.2.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_5_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 5.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_6_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 6.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_7_1: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 7.1.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_8_3: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 8.3.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_0: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.0.

`var NSCoreDataVersionNumber_iPhoneOS_9_2: Double`

The Core Data version number released with iOS 9.2.

Global Variable

# NSSQLiteErrorDomain

Domain for SQLite errors.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSSQLiteErrorDomain: String

## Discussion

The value of "code" corresponds to preexisting values in SQLite.

Global Variable

# NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey

The key for objects prompting an error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSAffectedStoresErrorKey

The key for stores prompting an error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSDetailedErrorsKey

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSDeletedObjectIDsKey

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.2+
watchOS 3.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSInsertedObjectIDsKey

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.2+
watchOS 3.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.2+
watchOS 3.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

iOS 12.0+  iPadOS 12.0+  macOS 10.14+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 12.0+  watchOS
5.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreURLKey

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

iOS 12.0+  iPadOS 12.0+  macOS 10.14+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 12.0+  watchOS
5.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.2+
watchOS 3.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey

A user info key to identify updated object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.2+
watchOS 3.2+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSUpdatedObjectIDsKey: String

## See Also

### User Info Dictionary Keys

`let NSAffectedObjectsErrorKey: String`

The key for objects prompting an error.

`let NSAffectedStoresErrorKey: String`

The key for stores prompting an error.

`let NSDetailedErrorsKey: String`

If multiple validation errors occur in one operation, they are collected in an
array and added with this key to the “top-level error” of the operation.

`let NSDeletedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify deleted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInsertedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify inserted object identifiers in notifications after
saving a managed object context.

`let NSInvalidatedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify invalidated object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

`let NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey: String`

A user info key to identify the history token in persistent store remote
change notifications.

`let NSPersistentStoreURLKey: String`

A user info key to identify the store URL in persistent store remote change
notifications.

`let NSRefreshedObjectIDsKey: String`

A user info key to identify refreshed object identifiers in notifications
after saving a managed object context.

Global Variable

# NSBinaryStoreInsecureDecodingCompatibilityOption

A flag that indicates Core Data decodes the binary store insecurely.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSBinaryStoreInsecureDecodingCompatibilityOption: String

## Discussion

Use the `NSBinaryStoreSecureDecodingClasses` option instead, if possible, to
allow Core Data to securely decode the binary store.

If a store has metadata or transformable properties that contain nonstandard
classes, this option may be appropriate. Apps linked before the availability
date default to using this option.

## See Also

### Persistent Store Metadata Keys

`let NSBinaryStoreSecureDecodingClasses: String`

An additional set of classes to use while decoding a binary store.

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChangeNotificationPostOptionKey: String`

A key that indicates a persistent store posts a remote change notification for
every write to the store, including writes by other processes.

Global Variable

# NSBinaryStoreSecureDecodingClasses

An additional set of classes to use while decoding a binary store.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSBinaryStoreSecureDecodingClasses: String

## Discussion

This option is preferable to using
`NSBinaryStoreInsecureDecodingCompatibilityOption`.

## See Also

### Persistent Store Metadata Keys

`let NSBinaryStoreInsecureDecodingCompatibilityOption: String`

A flag that indicates Core Data decodes the binary store insecurely.

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChangeNotificationPostOptionKey: String`

A key that indicates a persistent store posts a remote change notification for
every write to the store, including writes by other processes.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreRemoteChangeNotificationPostOptionKey

A key that indicates a persistent store posts a remote change notification for
every write to the store, including writes by other processes.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChangeNotificationPostOptionKey: String

## See Also

### Persistent Store Metadata Keys

`let NSBinaryStoreInsecureDecodingCompatibilityOption: String`

A flag that indicates Core Data decodes the binary store insecurely.

`let NSBinaryStoreSecureDecodingClasses: String`

An additional set of classes to use while decoding a binary store.



# NSEntityMappingType

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.addEntityMappingType

Specifies that this is a new entity in the destination model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case addEntityMappingType = 2

## Discussion

Instances of the entity only exist in the destination.

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.copyEntityMappingType

Specifies that source instances are migrated as-is.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case copyEntityMappingType = 4

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.customEntityMappingType

Specifies a custom mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case customEntityMappingType = 1

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.removeEntityMappingType

Specifies that this entity is not present in the destination model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case removeEntityMappingType = 3

## Discussion

Instances of the entity only exist in the source—source instances are not
mapped to destination.

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.transformEntityMappingType

Specifies that entity exists in source and destination and is mapped.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transformEntityMappingType = 5

Enumeration Case

# NSEntityMappingType.undefinedEntityMappingType

Specifies that the developer handles destination instance creation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case undefinedEntityMappingType = 0



# NSRelationshipDescription

Instance Property

# inverseRelationship

The relationship that represents the inverse of the current relationship.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var inverseRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription? { get set }

## Discussion

The inverse relationship is the description of the current relationship from
the destination entity’s perspective. For example, the inverse of a
department’s relationship to an employee (a to-many relationship) is the
employees’ relationship to the department (a to-one relationship).

## See Also

### Configuring the Destination

`var destinationEntity: NSEntityDescription?`

The type of object the relationship contains.

`var isOrdered: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the relationship preserves the order
of the referenced managed objects.

Instance Property

# destinationEntity

The type of object the relationship contains.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var destinationEntity: NSEntityDescription? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the Destination

`var inverseRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription?`

The relationship that represents the inverse of the current relationship.

`var isOrdered: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the relationship preserves the order
of the referenced managed objects.

Instance Property

# isOrdered

A Boolean value that determines whether the relationship preserves the order
of the referenced managed objects.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isOrdered: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `false`.

## See Also

### Configuring the Destination

`var inverseRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription?`

The relationship that represents the inverse of the current relationship.

`var destinationEntity: NSEntityDescription?`

The type of object the relationship contains.

Instance Property

# isToMany

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship can contain
many managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isToMany: Bool { get }

## Discussion

If `maxCount` is equal to `1`, implying a to-one relationship, this property
returns `false`; otherwise, it returns `true`.

## See Also

### Configuring Cardinality

`var minCount: Int`

The minimum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

`var maxCount: Int`

The maximum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

Instance Property

# minCount

The minimum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var minCount: Int { get set }

## Discussion

If you declare a relationship attribute as optional when defining your
entities, the framework only enforces `minCount` and `maxCount` when that
attribute is not `nil`.

The default value is `0`.

## See Also

### Configuring Cardinality

`var isToMany: Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship can contain
many managed objects.

`var maxCount: Int`

The maximum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

Instance Property

# maxCount

The maximum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var maxCount: Int { get set }

## Discussion

If you declare a relationship attribute as optional when defining your
entities, the framework only enforces `minCount` and `maxCount` when that
attribute is not `nil`.

The default value is `0`.

## See Also

### Configuring Cardinality

`var isToMany: Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship can contain
many managed objects.

`var minCount: Int`

The minimum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

Instance Property

# deleteRule

The rule to apply when you delete the relationship’s owning managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var deleteRule: NSDeleteRule { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `NSDeleteRule.nullifyDeleteRule`. For possible values,
see `NSDeleteRule`.

## See Also

### Configuring Delete Behavior

`enum NSDeleteRule`

Constants that determine what happens when you delete a relationship’s owning
managed object.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The relationship’s unique identity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

To calculate its version hash, the relationship combines its superclass’s
`versionHash` property with the values of `inverseRelationship`,
`destinationEntity`, `minCount`, and `maxCount`.

Instance Property

# inverseRelationship

The relationship that represents the inverse of the current relationship.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var inverseRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription? { get set }

## Discussion

The inverse relationship is the description of the current relationship from
the destination entity’s perspective. For example, the inverse of a
department’s relationship to an employee (a to-many relationship) is the
employees’ relationship to the department (a to-one relationship).

## See Also

### Configuring the Destination

`var destinationEntity: NSEntityDescription?`

The type of object the relationship contains.

`var isOrdered: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the relationship preserves the order
of the referenced managed objects.

Instance Property

# destinationEntity

The type of object the relationship contains.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var destinationEntity: NSEntityDescription? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the Destination

`var inverseRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription?`

The relationship that represents the inverse of the current relationship.

`var isOrdered: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether the relationship preserves the order
of the referenced managed objects.

Instance Property

# isOrdered

A Boolean value that determines whether the relationship preserves the order
of the referenced managed objects.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isOrdered: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `false`.

## See Also

### Configuring the Destination

`var inverseRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription?`

The relationship that represents the inverse of the current relationship.

`var destinationEntity: NSEntityDescription?`

The type of object the relationship contains.

Instance Property

# isToMany

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship can contain
many managed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isToMany: Bool { get }

## Discussion

If `maxCount` is equal to `1`, implying a to-one relationship, this property
returns `false`; otherwise, it returns `true`.

## See Also

### Configuring Cardinality

`var minCount: Int`

The minimum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

`var maxCount: Int`

The maximum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

Instance Property

# minCount

The minimum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var minCount: Int { get set }

## Discussion

If you declare a relationship attribute as optional when defining your
entities, the framework only enforces `minCount` and `maxCount` when that
attribute is not `nil`.

The default value is `0`.

## See Also

### Configuring Cardinality

`var isToMany: Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship can contain
many managed objects.

`var maxCount: Int`

The maximum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

Instance Property

# maxCount

The maximum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var maxCount: Int { get set }

## Discussion

If you declare a relationship attribute as optional when defining your
entities, the framework only enforces `minCount` and `maxCount` when that
attribute is not `nil`.

The default value is `0`.

## See Also

### Configuring Cardinality

`var isToMany: Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship can contain
many managed objects.

`var minCount: Int`

The minimum number of managed objects the relationship can reference.

Instance Property

# deleteRule

The rule to apply when you delete the relationship’s owning managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var deleteRule: NSDeleteRule { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `NSDeleteRule.nullifyDeleteRule`. For possible values,
see `NSDeleteRule`.

## See Also

### Configuring Delete Behavior

`enum NSDeleteRule`

Constants that determine what happens when you delete a relationship’s owning
managed object.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The relationship’s unique identity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

To calculate its version hash, the relationship combines its superclass’s
`versionHash` property with the values of `inverseRelationship`,
`destinationEntity`, `minCount`, and `maxCount`.



# NSPersistentStore.StoreType

Type Property

# binary

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent binary file.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let binary: NSPersistentStore.StoreType

## Discussion

A binary store is atomic, which means Core Data reads and writes the file in
its entirety. This behavior is different from a `sqlite` store, which you can
partially modify.

## See Also

### Store Types

`static let inMemory: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

An ephemeral store that reads from and writes to memory only.

`static let sqlite: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent SQLite database.

`static let xml: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent XML file.

Type Property

# inMemory

An ephemeral store that reads from and writes to memory only.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let inMemory: NSPersistentStore.StoreType

## See Also

### Store Types

`static let binary: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent binary file.

`static let sqlite: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent SQLite database.

`static let xml: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent XML file.

Type Property

# sqlite

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent SQLite database.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let sqlite: NSPersistentStore.StoreType

## See Also

### Store Types

`static let binary: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent binary file.

`static let inMemory: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

An ephemeral store that reads from and writes to memory only.

`static let xml: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent XML file.

Type Property

# xml

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent XML file.

macOS 12.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static let xml: NSPersistentStore.StoreType

## Discussion

An XML store is atomic, which means Core Data reads and writes the file in its
entirety. This behavior is different from a `sqlite` store, which you can
partially modify.

## See Also

### Store Types

`static let binary: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent binary file.

`static let inMemory: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

An ephemeral store that reads from and writes to memory only.

`static let sqlite: NSPersistentStore.StoreType`

A store that reads from and writes to a persistent SQLite database.

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a store type using the specified raw value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    init(rawValue: String)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

A string that represents the store type.

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

Instance Property

# rawValue

The store type’s cardinal value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var rawValue: String

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

## See Also

### Getting a Store Type’s Raw Value

`typealias NSPersistentStore.StoreType.RawValue`

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

Type Alias

# NSPersistentStore.StoreType.RawValue

The type the conforming type uses to represent its values.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    typealias NSPersistentStore.StoreType.RawValue = String

## See Also

### Getting a Store Type’s Raw Value

`var rawValue: String`

The store type’s cardinal value.

Instance Property

# hashValue

The store type’s computed hash value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var hashValue: Int { get }

## See Also

### Hashing a Store Type

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the components of the store type using the provided hasher.

Instance Method

# hash(into:)

Hashes the components of the store type using the provided hasher.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher)

##  Parameters

`hasher`

    

The hasher to use when combining components of this store type.

## See Also

### Hashing a Store Type

`var hashValue: Int`

The store type’s computed hash value.

Operator

# !=(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static func != (lhs: NSPersistentStore.StoreType, rhs: NSPersistentStore.StoreType) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

A value to compare.

`rhs`

    

Another value to compare.

## Discussion

Inequality is the inverse of equality. For any values `a` and `b`, `a != b`
implies that `a == b` is `false`.

This is the default implementation of the not-equal-to operator (`!=`) for any
type that conforms to `Equatable`.



# NSIncrementalStore

Instance Method

# execute(_:with:)

Returns a value as appropriate for the given request, or nil if the request
cannot be completed.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func execute(
        _ request: NSPersistentStoreRequest,
        with context: NSManagedObjectContext?
    ) throws -> Any

##  Parameters

`request`

    

A fetch request.

`context`

    

The managed object context used to execute `request`.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, on return contains an `NSError` object that describes the
problem.

## Return Value

A value as appropriate for `request`, or `nil` if the request cannot be
completed

## Discussion

The value to return depends on the result type (see `resultType`) of
`request`:

  * If it is `NSManagedObjectResultType`, `NSManagedObjectIDResultType`, or `NSDictionaryResultType`, the method should return an array containing all objects in the store matching the request.

  * If it is `NSCountResultType`, the method should return an array containing an `NSNumber` whose value is the count of all objects in the store matching the request.

  * If the request is a save request, the method should return an empty array.

If the save request contains nil values for the
inserted/updated/deleted/locked collections; you should treat it as a request
to save the store metadata.

You should implement this method conservatively, and expect that unknown
request types may at some point be passed to the method. The correct behavior
in these cases is to return `nil` and an error.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Manipulating Managed Objects

`func newValuesForObject(with: NSManagedObjectID, with:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSIncrementalStoreNode`

Returns an incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values
of the object with a given object ID.

`func newValue(forRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription, forObjectWith:
NSManagedObjectID, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns the relationship for the given relationship of the object with a given
object ID.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject]) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns an array containing the object IDs for a given array of newly-inserted
objects.

`func newObjectID(for: NSEntityDescription, referenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a new object ID that uses given data as the key.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference data used to construct a given object ID.

Instance Method

# newValuesForObject(with:with:)

Returns an incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values
of the object with a given object ID.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func newValuesForObject(
        with objectID: NSManagedObjectID,
        with context: NSManagedObjectContext
    ) throws -> NSIncrementalStoreNode

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

The ID of the object for which values are requested.

`context`

    

The managed object context into which values will be returned.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

An incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values of the
object with object ID `objectID`, or `nil` if the corresponding object cannot
be found.

## Discussion

The returned node should include all attributes values and may include to-one
relationship values as instances of `NSManagedObjectID`.

If an object with object ID `objectID` cannot be found, the method should
return `nil` and—if `error` is not `NULL`—create and return an appropriate
error object in `error`.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Manipulating Managed Objects

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns a value as appropriate for the given request, or nil if the request
cannot be completed.

`func newValue(forRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription, forObjectWith:
NSManagedObjectID, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns the relationship for the given relationship of the object with a given
object ID.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject]) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns an array containing the object IDs for a given array of newly-inserted
objects.

`func newObjectID(for: NSEntityDescription, referenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a new object ID that uses given data as the key.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference data used to construct a given object ID.

Instance Method

# newValue(forRelationship:forObjectWith:with:)

Returns the relationship for the given relationship of the object with a given
object ID.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func newValue(
        forRelationship relationship: NSRelationshipDescription,
        forObjectWith objectID: NSManagedObjectID,
        with context: NSManagedObjectContext?
    ) throws -> Any

##  Parameters

`relationship`

    

The relationship for which values are requested.

`objectID`

    

The ID of the object for which values are requested.

`context`

    

The managed object context into which values will be returned.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

The value of the relationship specified `relationship` of the object with
object ID `objectID`, or `nil` if an error occurs.

## Discussion

If the relationship is a to-one, the method should return an
`NSManagedObjectID` instance that identifies the destination, or an instance
of `NSNull` if the relationship value is `nil`.

If the relationship is a to-many, the method should return a collection object
containing `NSManagedObjectID` instances to identify the related objects.
Using an `NSArray` instance is preferred because it will be the most
efficient. A store may also return an instance of `NSSet` or `NSOrderedSet`;
an instance of `NSDictionary` is not acceptable.

If an object with object ID `objectID` cannot be found, the method should
return `nil` and—if `error` is not `NULL`—create and return an appropriate
error object in `error`.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Manipulating Managed Objects

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns a value as appropriate for the given request, or nil if the request
cannot be completed.

`func newValuesForObject(with: NSManagedObjectID, with:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSIncrementalStoreNode`

Returns an incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values
of the object with a given object ID.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject]) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns an array containing the object IDs for a given array of newly-inserted
objects.

`func newObjectID(for: NSEntityDescription, referenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a new object ID that uses given data as the key.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference data used to construct a given object ID.

Instance Method

# obtainPermanentIDs(for:)

Returns an array containing the object IDs for a given array of newly-inserted
objects.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func obtainPermanentIDs(for array: [NSManagedObject]) throws -> [NSManagedObjectID]

##  Parameters

`array`

    

An array of newly-inserted objects.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

An array containing the object IDs for the objects in `array`.

The returned array must return the object IDs in the same order as the objects
appear in `array`.

## Discussion

This method is called before `execute(_:with:)` with a save request, to assign
permanent IDs to newly-inserted objects.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Manipulating Managed Objects

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns a value as appropriate for the given request, or nil if the request
cannot be completed.

`func newValuesForObject(with: NSManagedObjectID, with:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSIncrementalStoreNode`

Returns an incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values
of the object with a given object ID.

`func newValue(forRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription, forObjectWith:
NSManagedObjectID, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns the relationship for the given relationship of the object with a given
object ID.

`func newObjectID(for: NSEntityDescription, referenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a new object ID that uses given data as the key.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference data used to construct a given object ID.

Instance Method

# newObjectID(for:referenceObject:)

Returns a new object ID that uses given data as the key.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func newObjectID(
        for entity: NSEntityDescription,
        referenceObject data: Any
    ) -> NSManagedObjectID

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

The entity for the new object ID.

`data`

    

An object of type `NSString` or `NSNumber` to use as the key.

## Return Value

A new object ID for an instance of the entity specified by `entity` and that
uses `data` as the key.

## Discussion

You should not override this method.

## See Also

### Manipulating Managed Objects

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns a value as appropriate for the given request, or nil if the request
cannot be completed.

`func newValuesForObject(with: NSManagedObjectID, with:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSIncrementalStoreNode`

Returns an incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values
of the object with a given object ID.

`func newValue(forRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription, forObjectWith:
NSManagedObjectID, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns the relationship for the given relationship of the object with a given
object ID.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject]) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns an array containing the object IDs for a given array of newly-inserted
objects.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference data used to construct a given object ID.

Instance Method

# referenceObject(for:)

Returns the reference data used to construct a given object ID.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func referenceObject(for objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

An object ID created by the receiver.

## Return Value

The reference data used to construct objectID.

## Discussion

This method raises an `invalidArgumentException` if the object ID was not
created by the receiving store.

You should not override this method.

## See Also

### Manipulating Managed Objects

`func execute(NSPersistentStoreRequest, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns a value as appropriate for the given request, or nil if the request
cannot be completed.

`func newValuesForObject(with: NSManagedObjectID, with:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSIncrementalStoreNode`

Returns an incremental store node encapsulating the persistent external values
of the object with a given object ID.

`func newValue(forRelationship: NSRelationshipDescription, forObjectWith:
NSManagedObjectID, with: NSManagedObjectContext?) -> Any`

Returns the relationship for the given relationship of the object with a given
object ID.

`func obtainPermanentIDs(for: [NSManagedObject]) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns an array containing the object IDs for a given array of newly-inserted
objects.

`func newObjectID(for: NSEntityDescription, referenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a new object ID that uses given data as the key.

Instance Method

# managedObjectContextDidRegisterObjects(with:)

Indicates that objects identified by a given array of object IDs are in use in
a managed object context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func managedObjectContextDidRegisterObjects(with objectIDs: [NSManagedObjectID])

##  Parameters

`objectIDs`

    

An array of object IDs.

## Discussion

This method and `managedObjectContextDidUnregisterObjects(with:)` allow
managed object contexts to communicate interest in the row data of specific
objects in a manner akin to reference counting. For more details, see
`managedObjectContextDidUnregisterObjects(with:)`.

## See Also

### Responding to Context Changes

`func managedObjectContextDidUnregisterObjects(with: [NSManagedObjectID])`

Indicates that objects identified by a given array of object IDs are no longer
being used by a managed object context.

Instance Method

# managedObjectContextDidUnregisterObjects(with:)

Indicates that objects identified by a given array of object IDs are no longer
being used by a managed object context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func managedObjectContextDidUnregisterObjects(with objectIDs: [NSManagedObjectID])

##  Parameters

`objectIDs`

    

An array of object IDs.

## Discussion

This method is the counterpart to
`managedObjectContextDidRegisterObjects(with:)`.

Passing an object ID in the object IDs array of
`managedObjectContextDidRegisterObjects(with:)` is akin to incrementing the
object ID’s reference count by 1; passing an object ID in the object IDs array
of `managedObjectContextDidUnregisterObjects(with:)` is akin to decrementing
the object ID’s reference count by 1. It is only when an object ID’s reference
count is 0 that no contexts indicate that they are using the corresponding
managed object. (Object IDs start with a reference count of 0.)

For example, if the register methods is invoked on two occasions when the
object IDs array contains a given object ID, and the unregister method is
invoked once when the object IDs array contains that object ID, then a context
is still using the object with the given ID.

## See Also

### Responding to Context Changes

`func managedObjectContextDidRegisterObjects(with: [NSManagedObjectID])`

Indicates that objects identified by a given array of object IDs are in use in
a managed object context.

Type Method

# identifierForNewStore(at:)

Returns the identifier for the store at a given URL.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func identifierForNewStore(at storeURL: URL) -> Any

##  Parameters

`storeURL`

    

The URL of a persistent store.

## Return Value

The identifier for the store at `storeURL`.

## See Also

### Accessing Metadata

`func loadMetadata()`

Loads the metadata for the store.

Instance Method

# loadMetadata()

Loads the metadata for the store.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func loadMetadata() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If an error occurs, on return contains an `NSError` object that describes the
problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the metadata was correctly loaded, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

In your implementation of this method, you must validate that the URL used to
create the store is usable (the location exists and if necessary is writable,
the schema is compatible, and so on) and return an error if there is an issue.

Any subclass of `NSIncrementalStore` which is file-based must be able to
handle being initialized with a URL pointing to a zero-length file. This
serves as an indicator that a new store is to be constructed at the specified
location and allows applications using the store to securely create
reservation files in known locations.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Accessing Metadata

`class func identifierForNewStore(at: URL) -> Any`

Returns the identifier for the store at a given URL.

### Related Documentation

Incremental Store Programming Guide



# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeCount

Returns the number of managed objects the request deletes.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case resultTypeCount = 2

## See Also

### Result Types

`case resultTypeObjectIDs`

Returns an array of the deleted managed objects’ identifiers.

`case resultTypeStatusOnly`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates if the request succeeds.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeObjectIDs

Returns an array of the deleted managed objects’ identifiers.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case resultTypeObjectIDs = 1

## See Also

### Result Types

`case resultTypeCount`

Returns the number of managed objects the request deletes.

`case resultTypeStatusOnly`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates if the request succeeds.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeStatusOnly

Returns a Boolean value that indicates if the request succeeds.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case resultTypeStatusOnly = 0

## See Also

### Result Types

`case resultTypeCount`

Returns the number of managed objects the request deletes.

`case resultTypeObjectIDs`

Returns an array of the deleted managed objects’ identifiers.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeCount

Returns the number of managed objects the request deletes.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case resultTypeCount = 2

## See Also

### Result Types

`case resultTypeObjectIDs`

Returns an array of the deleted managed objects’ identifiers.

`case resultTypeStatusOnly`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates if the request succeeds.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeObjectIDs

Returns an array of the deleted managed objects’ identifiers.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case resultTypeObjectIDs = 1

## See Also

### Result Types

`case resultTypeCount`

Returns the number of managed objects the request deletes.

`case resultTypeStatusOnly`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates if the request succeeds.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchDeleteRequestResultType.resultTypeStatusOnly

Returns a Boolean value that indicates if the request succeeds.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case resultTypeStatusOnly = 0

## See Also

### Result Types

`case resultTypeCount`

Returns the number of managed objects the request deletes.

`case resultTypeObjectIDs`

Returns an array of the deleted managed objects’ identifiers.



# NSAttributeDescription

Instance Property

# attributeValueClassName

The class name that represents the attribute’s value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var attributeValueClassName: String? { get set }

## See Also

### Managing the type

`var type: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The attribute’s type.

`struct NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The types of attributes that Core Data supports.

Instance Property

# type

The attribute’s type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var type: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType { get set }

## Discussion

Don’t change an attribute’s type after you add its containing managed object
model to a persistent store coordinator; otherwise, Core Data throws an
exception.

## See Also

### Managing the type

`var attributeValueClassName: String?`

The class name that represents the attribute’s value.

`struct NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The types of attributes that Core Data supports.

Instance Property

# allowsCloudEncryption

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

Set this property to `true` to store the attribute’s value in an encrypted
form in iCloud. Only use this property with new attributes. Core Data doesn’t
support encrypting attributes that already exist in your CloudKit schema, or
attributes that represent relationships between entities.

You can also set this property using the Allow Cloud Encryption attribute in
the Attributes inspector of the Core Data model editor.

Important

Attributes can’t change their encryption state after you promote them to your
production CloudKit schema. If you choose to encrypt an attribute, it always
remains that way.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the attribute allows external binary storage, otherwise `false`. If
this value is `true`, the corresponding attribute may be stored in a file
external to the persistent store itself.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# defaultValue

The default value of the attribute.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var defaultValue: Any? { get set }

## Discussion

Default values are retained by a managed object model, not copied. This means
that attribute values do not have to implement the `NSCopying` protocol,
however it also means that you should not modify any objects after they have
been set as default values.

### Special Considerations

Setting the default value raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# valueTransformerName

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var valueTransformerName: String? { get set }

## Discussion

The attribute must be of type `NSTransformedAttributeType`.

The transformer must output an `NSData` object from `transformedValue(_:)` and
must allow reverse transformations.

If this value is `nil`, Core Data uses a default a transformer that uses
`NSCoding` to archive and unarchive the attribute value.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The version hash for the attribute.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

The version hash is used to uniquely identify an attribute based on its
configuration. This value includes the `versionHash` information from
`NSPropertyDescription` and the attribute type.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.

Instance Property

# attributeValueClassName

The class name that represents the attribute’s value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var attributeValueClassName: String? { get set }

## See Also

### Managing the type

`var type: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The attribute’s type.

`struct NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The types of attributes that Core Data supports.

Instance Property

# type

The attribute’s type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var type: NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType { get set }

## Discussion

Don’t change an attribute’s type after you add its containing managed object
model to a persistent store coordinator; otherwise, Core Data throws an
exception.

## See Also

### Managing the type

`var attributeValueClassName: String?`

The class name that represents the attribute’s value.

`struct NSAttributeDescription.AttributeType`

The types of attributes that Core Data supports.

Instance Property

# allowsCloudEncryption

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

Set this property to `true` to store the attribute’s value in an encrypted
form in iCloud. Only use this property with new attributes. Core Data doesn’t
support encrypting attributes that already exist in your CloudKit schema, or
attributes that represent relationships between entities.

You can also set this property using the Allow Cloud Encryption attribute in
the Attributes inspector of the Core Data model editor.

Important

Attributes can’t change their encryption state after you promote them to your
production CloudKit schema. If you choose to encrypt an attribute, it always
remains that way.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the attribute allows external binary storage, otherwise `false`. If
this value is `true`, the corresponding attribute may be stored in a file
external to the persistent store itself.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# defaultValue

The default value of the attribute.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var defaultValue: Any? { get set }

## Discussion

Default values are retained by a managed object model, not copied. This means
that attribute values do not have to implement the `NSCopying` protocol,
however it also means that you should not modify any objects after they have
been set as default values.

### Special Considerations

Setting the default value raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var valueTransformerName: String?`

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

Instance Property

# valueTransformerName

The name of the transformer to use for the attribute value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var valueTransformerName: String? { get set }

## Discussion

The attribute must be of type `NSTransformedAttributeType`.

The transformer must output an `NSData` object from `transformedValue(_:)` and
must allow reverse transformations.

If this value is `nil`, Core Data uses a default a transformer that uses
`NSCoding` to archive and unarchive the attribute value.

## See Also

### Configuring the behavior

`var allowsCloudEncryption: Bool`

A Boolean value that determines whether to encrypt the attribute’s value.

`var allowsExternalBinaryDataStorage: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute allows external binary
storage.

`var defaultValue: Any?`

The default value of the attribute.

`var preservesValueInHistoryOnDeletion: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the attribute records its value in the
persistent history transaction for a managed object’s deletion.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The version hash for the attribute.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

The version hash is used to uniquely identify an attribute based on its
configuration. This value includes the `versionHash` information from
`NSPropertyDescription` and the attribute type.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.



# NSEntityMigrationPolicy

Instance Method

# begin(_:with:)

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func begin(
        _ mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        with manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the method completes successfully, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method is the precursor to the creation stage. In a custom class, you can
implement this method to set up any state information that will be useful for
the duration of the migration.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func createDestinationInstances(forSource: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

`func endInstanceCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

`func createRelationships(forDestination: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

`func endRelationshipCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

`func performCustomValidation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

`func end(NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Instance Method

# createDestinationInstances(forSource:in:manager:)

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func createDestinationInstances(
        forSource sInstance: NSManagedObject,
        in mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`sInstance`

    

The source instance for which to create destination instances.

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the method completes successfully, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method is invoked by the migration manager on each source instance (as
specified by the `sourceExpression` in the mapping) to create the
corresponding destination instance(s). It also associates the source and
destination instances by calling `NSMigrationManager`’s
`associate(sourceInstance:withDestinationInstance:for:)` method.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

### Special Considerations

If you override this method and do not invoke `super`, you must invoke
`NSMigrationManager`’s
`associate(sourceInstance:withDestinationInstance:for:)` to associate the
source and destination instances as required. .

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func begin(NSEntityMapping, with: NSMigrationManager)`

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

`func endInstanceCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

`func createRelationships(forDestination: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

`func endRelationshipCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

`func performCustomValidation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

`func end(NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

Instance Method

# endInstanceCreation(forMapping:manager:)

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func endInstanceCreation(
        forMapping mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the relationships are constructed correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

You can override this method to clean up state from the creation of
destination or to prepare state for the creation of relationships.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func begin(NSEntityMapping, with: NSMigrationManager)`

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

`func createDestinationInstances(forSource: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

`func createRelationships(forDestination: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

`func endRelationshipCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

`func performCustomValidation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

`func end(NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

Instance Method

# createRelationships(forDestination:in:manager:)

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func createRelationships(
        forDestination dInstance: NSManagedObject,
        in mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`dInstance`

    

The destination instance for which to create relationships.

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the relationships are constructed correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

You can use this stage to (re)create relationships between migrated
objects—you use the association lookup methods on the `NSMigrationManager`
instance to determine the appropriate relationship targets.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func begin(NSEntityMapping, with: NSMigrationManager)`

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

`func createDestinationInstances(forSource: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

`func endInstanceCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

`func endRelationshipCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

`func performCustomValidation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

`func end(NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

Instance Method

# endRelationshipCreation(forMapping:manager:)

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func endRelationshipCreation(
        forMapping mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the method completes correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method is invoked after
`createRelationships(forDestination:in:manager:)`; you can override it to
clean up state from the creation of relationships, or prepare state for custom
validation in `performCustomValidation(forMapping:manager:)`.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func begin(NSEntityMapping, with: NSMigrationManager)`

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

`func createDestinationInstances(forSource: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

`func endInstanceCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

`func createRelationships(forDestination: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

`func performCustomValidation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

`func end(NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

Instance Method

# performCustomValidation(forMapping:manager:)

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func performCustomValidation(
        forMapping mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the method completes correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method is called before the default save validation is performed by the
framework.

If you implement this method, you must manually obtain the collection of
objects you are interested in validating.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func begin(NSEntityMapping, with: NSMigrationManager)`

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

`func createDestinationInstances(forSource: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

`func endInstanceCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

`func createRelationships(forDestination: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

`func endRelationshipCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

`func end(NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

Instance Method

# end(_:manager:)

Performs cleanup at the end of the migration, from any phase of the mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func end(
        _ mapping: NSEntityMapping,
        manager: NSMigrationManager
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`mapping`

    

The mapping object in use.

`manager`

    

The migration manager performing the migration.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the method completes correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This is the end to the given entity mapping. You can implement this method to
perform any clean-up at the end of the migration (from any of the three phases
of the mapping).

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Customizing Stages of the Mapping Life Cycle

`func begin(NSEntityMapping, with: NSMigrationManager)`

Sets up state information before the start of a given entity mapping.

`func createDestinationInstances(forSource: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Creates the destination instance(s) for a given source instance.

`func endInstanceCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the instance creation stage for the specified entity
mapping, and the precursor to the next migration stage.

`func createRelationships(forDestination: NSManagedObject, in:
NSEntityMapping, manager: NSMigrationManager)`

Constructs the relationships between the newly-created destination instances.

`func endRelationshipCreation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Indicates the end of the relationship creation stage for the specified entity
mapping.

`func performCustomValidation(forMapping: NSEntityMapping, manager:
NSMigrationManager)`

Provides the option to perform custom validation on migrated objects during
the validation stage of the entity migration policy.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationManagerKey

Key for the migration manager.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigrationManagerKey: String

## Discussion

To access this key in a custom value expression string in the Xcode mapping
model editor use `$manager`.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationSourceObjectKey

Key for the source object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigrationSourceObjectKey: String

## Discussion

To access this key in a custom value expression string in the Xcode mapping
model editor use `$source`.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationDestinationObjectKey

Key for the destination object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigrationDestinationObjectKey: String

## Discussion

To access this key in a custom value expression string in the Xcode mapping
model editor use `$destination`.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationEntityMappingKey

Key for the entity mapping object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigrationEntityMappingKey: String

## Discussion

To access this key in a custom value expression string in the Xcode mapping
model editor use `$entityMapping`.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationPropertyMappingKey

Key for the property mapping object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigrationPropertyMappingKey: String

## Discussion

To access this key in a custom value expression string in the Xcode mapping
model editor use `$propertyMapping`.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationEntityPolicyKey

Key for the entity migration policy object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigrationEntityPolicyKey: String

## Discussion

To access this key in a custom value expression string in the Xcode mapping
model editor use `$entityPolicy`.



# NSCustomMigrationStage

Initializer

# init(migratingFrom:to:)

Creates a custom migration stage with the specified source and destination
model references.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    convenience init(
        migratingFrom currentModel: NSManagedObjectModelReference,
        to nextModel: NSManagedObjectModelReference
    )

##  Parameters

`currentModel`

    

The reference that represents the migration’s source model.

`nextModel`

    

The reference that represents the migration’s destination model.

## See Also

### Creating a custom migration stage

`class NSManagedObjectModelReference`

An object that describes a specific version of an object model.

Instance Property

# currentModel

The reference that represents the migration’s source model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var currentModel: NSManagedObjectModelReference { get }

## Discussion

Core Data sets this property to the `currentModel` parameter you specify when
creating the migration stage.

## See Also

### Accessing model references

`var nextModel: NSManagedObjectModelReference`

The reference that represents the migration’s destination model.

Instance Property

# nextModel

The reference that represents the migration’s destination model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var nextModel: NSManagedObjectModelReference { get }

## Discussion

Core Data sets this property to the `nextModel` parameter you specify when
creating the migration stage.

## See Also

### Accessing model references

`var currentModel: NSManagedObjectModelReference`

The reference that represents the migration’s source model.

Instance Property

# willMigrateHandler

The handler to execute before the stage runs.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    var willMigrateHandler: ((_ migrationManager: NSStagedMigrationManager, _ migrationStage: NSCustomMigrationStage) throws -> Void)? { get set }

## Discussion

Use this handler to prepare the persistent store’s data for the pending
migration. Access the store using the `container` property of the handler’s
`migrationManager` parameter.

## See Also

### Assigning event handlers

`var didMigrateHandler: ((NSStagedMigrationManager, NSCustomMigrationStage) ->
Void)?`

The handler to execute after the stage runs.

Instance Property

# didMigrateHandler

The handler to execute after the stage runs.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    var didMigrateHandler: ((_ migrationManager: NSStagedMigrationManager, _ migrationStage: NSCustomMigrationStage) throws -> Void)? { get set }

## Discussion

Use this handler to perform any cleanup tasks on the persistent store’s data
after the migration has run. Access the store using the `container` property
of the handler’s `migrationManager` parameter.

## See Also

### Assigning event handlers

`var willMigrateHandler: ((NSStagedMigrationManager, NSCustomMigrationStage)
-> Void)?`

The handler to execute before the stage runs.



# Validation error codes

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataError

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSEntityMigrationPolicyError

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSExternalRecordImportError

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSInferredMappingModelError

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectContextLockingError

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectMergeError

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int { get }

## Discussion

The store is accessible, but the object corresponding to the fault cannot be
found.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectValidationError

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationCancelledError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationConstraintViolationError

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationError

Error code to denote a general migration error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int { get }

## Discussion

This code pertains to database level errors such as a missing table.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int { get }

## Discussion

The stores or objects that failed are in the corresponding user info
dictionary of the `NSError` object.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreOpenError

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreOperationError

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int { get }

## Discussion

The `NSError` object’s user info dictionary contains the key
`NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsErrorKey`.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreSaveError

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int { get }

## Discussion

This code pertains to errors such as permissions problems.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSSQLiteError

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSSQLiteError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationInvalidURIError

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationMultipleErrorsError

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationNumberTooLargeError

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationNumberTooSmallError

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationDateTooLateError

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationDateTooSoonError

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationInvalidDateError

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationStringTooLongError

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationStringTooShortError

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

Global Variable

# NSCoreDataError

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSCoreDataError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSEntityMigrationPolicyError

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSExternalRecordImportError

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSInferredMappingModelError

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectContextLockingError

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectMergeError

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int { get }

## Discussion

The store is accessible, but the object corresponding to the fault cannot be
found.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSManagedObjectValidationError

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationCancelledError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationConstraintViolationError

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationError

Error code to denote a general migration error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int { get }

## Discussion

This code pertains to database level errors such as a missing table.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int { get }

## Discussion

The stores or objects that failed are in the corresponding user info
dictionary of the `NSError` object.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreOpenError

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreOperationError

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int { get }

## Discussion

The `NSError` object’s user info dictionary contains the key
`NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsErrorKey`.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreSaveError

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int { get }

## Discussion

This code pertains to errors such as permissions problems.

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSSQLiteError

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSSQLiteError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationInvalidURIError

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationMultipleErrorsError

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationNumberTooLargeError

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationNumberTooSmallError

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationDateTooLateError

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationDateTooSoonError

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationInvalidDateError

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationStringTooLongError

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationStringTooShortError

Error code to denote some string value is too short.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

Global Variable

# NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError

Error code to denote some string value fails to match some pattern.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSValidationStringPatternMatchingError: Int { get }

## See Also

### Error codes

`var NSCoreDataError: Int`

An error code that indicates a nonspecific Core Data error.

`var NSEntityMigrationPolicyError: Int`

An error code that indicates a migration failure during processing of an
entity migration policy.

`var NSExternalRecordImportError: Int`

Error code to denote a general error encountered while importing external
records.

`var NSInferredMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the creation of an inferred mapping model.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the merging of instances of a managed
object.

`var NSManagedObjectConstraintValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object.

`var NSManagedObjectContextLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a managed object
context.

`var NSManagedObjectExternalRelationshipError: Int`

Error code to denote that an object being saved has a relationship containing
an object from another store.

`var NSManagedObjectMergeError: Int`

Error code to denote that a merge policy failed—Core Data is unable to
complete merging.

`var NSManagedObjectModelReferenceNotFoundError: Int`

An error code that indicates Core Data isn’t able to find or instantiate the
referenced object model.

`var NSManagedObjectReferentialIntegrityError: Int`

Error code to denote an attempt to fire a fault pointing to an object that
does not exist.

`var NSManagedObjectValidationError: Int`

Error code to denote a generic validation error.

`var NSMigrationCancelledError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to manual cancellation.

`var NSMigrationConstraintViolationError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a managed object during
a migration.

`var NSMigrationError: Int`

Error code to denote a general migration error.

`var NSMigrationManagerDestinationStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the
destination data store.

`var NSMigrationManagerSourceStoreError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a problem with the source
data store.

`var NSMigrationMissingMappingModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing mapping model.

`var NSMigrationMissingSourceModelError: Int`

Error code to denote that migration failed due to a missing source data model.

`var NSPersistentHistoryTokenExpiredError: Int`

Error code to denote that the persistent history token has expired.

`var NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorLockingError: Int`

Error code to denote an inability to acquire a lock in a persistent store.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleSchemaError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompatibleVersionHashError: Int`

Error code to denote that entity version hashes in the store are incompatible
with the current managed object model.

`var NSPersistentStoreIncompleteSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that one or more of the stores returned an error during a
save operations.

`var NSPersistentStoreInvalidTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote an unknown persistent store type/format/version.

`var NSPersistentStoreOpenError: Int`

Error code to denote an error occurred while attempting to open a persistent
store.

`var NSPersistentStoreOperationError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store operation failed.

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsError: Int`

Error code to denote that an unresolved merge conflict was encountered during
a save. .

`var NSPersistentStoreSaveError: Int`

Error code to denote that a persistent store returned an error for a save
operation.

`var NSPersistentStoreTimeoutError: Int`

Error code to denote that Core Data failed to connect to a persistent store
within the time specified by `NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption`.

`var NSPersistentStoreTypeMismatchError: Int`

Error code returned by a persistent store coordinator if a store is accessed
that does not match the specified type.

`var NSPersistentStoreUnsupportedRequestTypeError: Int`

Error code to denote that an `NSPersistentStore` subclass was passed a request
(an instance of `NSPersistentStoreRequest`) that it did not understand.

`var NSSQLiteError: Int`

Error code to denote a general SQLite error.

`var NSStagedMigrationBackwardMigrationError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because of an attempt to
migrate backward.

`var NSStagedMigrationFrameworkVersionMismatchError: Int`

An error code that indicates a failed migration because the persistent store’s
metadata doesn’t support staged lightweight migrations.

`var NSValidationInvalidURIError: Int`

Error code to denote a problem with the validation of a URI property.

`var NSValidationMultipleErrorsError: Int`

Error code to denote an error containing multiple validation errors.

`var NSValidationMissingMandatoryPropertyError: Int`

Error code for a non-optional property with a nil value.

`var NSValidationRelationshipLacksMinimumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a to-many relationship with too few destination objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipExceedsMaximumCountError: Int`

Error code to denote a bounded to-many relationship with too many destination
objects.

`var NSValidationRelationshipDeniedDeleteError: Int`

Error code to denote some relationship with delete rule `NSDeleteRuleDeny` is
non-empty.

`var NSValidationNumberTooLargeError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too large.

`var NSValidationNumberTooSmallError: Int`

Error code to denote some numerical value is too small.

`var NSValidationDateTooLateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too late.

`var NSValidationDateTooSoonError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value is too soon.

`var NSValidationInvalidDateError: Int`

Error code to denote some date value fails to match date pattern.

`var NSValidationStringTooLongError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too long.

`var NSValidationStringTooShortError: Int`

Error code to denote some string value is too short.



# NSMigrationManager

Initializer

# init(sourceModel:destinationModel:)

Initializes a migration manager instance with given source and destination
models.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel,
        destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel
    )

##  Parameters

`sourceModel`

    

The source managed object model for the migration manager.

`destinationModel`

    

The destination managed object model for the migration manager.

## Return Value

A migration manager instance initialized to migrate data in a store that uses
`sourceModel` to a store that uses `destinationModel`.

## Discussion

You specify the mapping model in the migration method,
`migrateStore(from:sourceType:options:with:toDestinationURL:destinationType:destinationOptions:)`.

### Special Considerations

This is the designated initializer for `NSMigrationManager`.

Although validation of the models is performed during
`migrateStore(from:sourceType:options:with:toDestinationURL:destinationType:destinationOptions:)`,
as with `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` once models are added to the migration
manager they are immutable and cannot be altered.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func migrateStore(from: URL, sourceType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, with: NSMappingModel?, toDestinationURL: URL, destinationType: String,
destinationOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Migrates the store at a given source URL to the store at a given destination
URL, performing all of the mappings specified in a given mapping model.

Core Data Model Versioning and Data Migration Programming Guide

Instance Property

# destinationContext

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext { get }

## Discussion

This context is created on demand as part of the initialization of the Core
Data stacks used for migration.

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func destinationEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

`func sourceEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

Instance Property

# destinationModel

The destination model for the migration manager.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func destinationEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

`func sourceEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

### Related Documentation

`init(sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel, destinationModel:
NSManagedObjectModel)`

Initializes a migration manager instance with given source and destination
models.

Instance Property

# mappingModel

The mapping model for the migration manager.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var mappingModel: NSMappingModel { get }

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func destinationEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

`func sourceEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

### Related Documentation

`func migrateStore(from: URL, sourceType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, with: NSMappingModel?, toDestinationURL: URL, destinationType: String,
destinationOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Migrates the store at a given source URL to the store at a given destination
URL, performing all of the mappings specified in a given mapping model.

Instance Property

# sourceContext

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext { get }

## Discussion

This context is created on demand as part of the initialization of the Core
Data stacks used for migration.

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func destinationEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

`func sourceEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

Instance Property

# sourceModel

The source model for the migration manager.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

`func destinationEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

`func sourceEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

### Related Documentation

`init(sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel, destinationModel:
NSManagedObjectModel)`

Initializes a migration manager instance with given source and destination
models.

Instance Method

# destinationEntity(for:)

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func destinationEntity(for mEntity: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?

##  Parameters

`mEntity`

    

An entity mapping.

## Return Value

The entity description for the destination entity of `mEntity`.

## Discussion

Entity mappings do not store the actual description objects, but rather the
name and version information of the entity.

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func sourceEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

Instance Method

# sourceEntity(for:)

Returns the entity description for the source entity of a given entity
mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func sourceEntity(for mEntity: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?

##  Parameters

`mEntity`

    

An entity mapping.

## Return Value

The entity description for the source entity of `mEntity`.

## Discussion

Entity mappings do not store the actual description objects, but rather the
name and version information of the entity.

## See Also

### Getting the Manager’s Configuration

`var destinationContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for writing the
destination persistent store.

`var destinationModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The destination model for the migration manager.

`var mappingModel: NSMappingModel`

The mapping model for the migration manager.

`var sourceContext: NSManagedObjectContext`

The managed object context the migration manager uses for reading the source
persistent store.

`var sourceModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The source model for the migration manager.

`func destinationEntity(for: NSEntityMapping) -> NSEntityDescription?`

Returns the entity description for the destination entity of a given entity
mapping.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info for the migration manager.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

You can use the user info dictionary to aid the customization of your
migration process.

## See Also

### Customizing the Manager

`var usesStoreSpecificMigrationManager: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the migration manager tries to use a
store specific migration manager to perform the migration.

Instance Property

# usesStoreSpecificMigrationManager

A Boolean value that indicates whether the migration manager tries to use a
store specific migration manager to perform the migration.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var usesStoreSpecificMigrationManager: Bool { get set }

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver uses a store-specific migration manager, otherwise
`false`.

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver uses a store-specific migration manager, otherwise
`false`. The default value is `true`.

A store-specific migration manager class is not guaranteed to perform any of
the migration manager delegate callbacks or update values for the observable
properties.

## See Also

### Customizing the Manager

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info for the migration manager.

Instance Method

# associate(sourceInstance:withDestinationInstance:for:)

Associates a given source managed object instance with an array of destination
instances for a given property mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func associate(
        sourceInstance: NSManagedObject,
        withDestinationInstance destinationInstance: NSManagedObject,
        for entityMapping: NSEntityMapping
    )

##  Parameters

`sourceInstance`

    

A source managed object.

`destinationInstance`

    

The destination manage object for `sourceInstance`.

`entityMapping`

    

The entity mapping to use to associate `sourceInstance` with the object in
`destinationInstances`.

## Discussion

Data migration is performed as a three-stage process (first create the data,
then relate the data, then validate the data). You use this method to
associate data between the source and destination stores, in order to allow
for relationship creation or fix-up after the creation stage.

This method is called in the default implementation of
`NSEntityMigrationPolicy`’s
`createDestinationInstances(forSource:in:manager:)` method.

## See Also

### Managing Sources and Destinations

`func destinationInstances(forEntityMappingName: String, sourceInstances:
[NSManagedObject]?) -> [NSManagedObject]`

Returns the managed object instances created in the destination store for the
named entity mapping for the given array of source instances.

`func sourceInstances(forEntityMappingName: String, destinationInstances:
[NSManagedObject]?) -> [NSManagedObject]`

Returns the managed object instances in the source store used to create the
given destination instances for the passed in property mapping.

Instance Method

# destinationInstances(forEntityMappingName:sourceInstances:)

Returns the managed object instances created in the destination store for the
named entity mapping for the given array of source instances.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func destinationInstances(
        forEntityMappingName mappingName: String,
        sourceInstances: [NSManagedObject]?
    ) -> [NSManagedObject]

##  Parameters

`mappingName`

    

The name of an entity mapping in use.

`sourceInstances`

    

A array of managed objects in the source store.

## Return Value

An array containing the managed object instances created in the destination
store for the entity mapping named `mappingName` for `sourceInstances`. If
`sourceInstances` is `nil`, all of the destination instances created by the
specified property mapping are returned.

## Discussion

This method throws an `NSInvalidArgumentException` exception if `mappingName`
is not a valid mapping name.

## See Also

### Managing Sources and Destinations

`func associate(sourceInstance: NSManagedObject, withDestinationInstance:
NSManagedObject, for: NSEntityMapping)`

Associates a given source managed object instance with an array of destination
instances for a given property mapping.

`func sourceInstances(forEntityMappingName: String, destinationInstances:
[NSManagedObject]?) -> [NSManagedObject]`

Returns the managed object instances in the source store used to create the
given destination instances for the passed in property mapping.

Instance Method

# sourceInstances(forEntityMappingName:destinationInstances:)

Returns the managed object instances in the source store used to create the
given destination instances for the passed in property mapping.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func sourceInstances(
        forEntityMappingName mappingName: String,
        destinationInstances: [NSManagedObject]?
    ) -> [NSManagedObject]

##  Parameters

`mappingName`

    

The name of an entity mapping in use.

`destinationInstances`

    

A array of managed objects in the destination store.

## Return Value

An array containing the managed object instances in the source store used to
create `destinationInstances` using the entity mapping named `mappingName`. If
`destinationInstances` is `nil`, all of the source instances used to create
the destination instance for this property mapping are returned.

## Discussion

This method throws an `NSInvalidArgumentException` exception if `mappingName`
is not a valid mapping name.

## See Also

### Managing Sources and Destinations

`func associate(sourceInstance: NSManagedObject, withDestinationInstance:
NSManagedObject, for: NSEntityMapping)`

Associates a given source managed object instance with an array of destination
instances for a given property mapping.

`func destinationInstances(forEntityMappingName: String, sourceInstances:
[NSManagedObject]?) -> [NSManagedObject]`

Returns the managed object instances created in the destination store for the
named entity mapping for the given array of source instances.

Instance Method

# migrateStore(from:type:options:mapping:to:type:options:)

Migrates the source store to the destination using the specified mapping
model.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func migrateStore(
        from sourceURL: URL,
        type sourceType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
        options sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        mapping: NSMappingModel,
        to destinationURL: URL,
        type destinationType: NSPersistentStore.StoreType,
        options destinationOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`sourceURL`

    

The location of the store to migrate.

`sourceType`

    

The persistent store type of the store you’re migrating from. For possible
values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`sourceOptions`

    

A dictionary of options to apply to the source store. For possible values, see
`NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`.

`mapping`

    

The mapping model that converts the entities in the source store to those in
the destination store.

`destinationURL`

    

The location of the destination store.

`destinationType`

    

The persistent store type of the store you’re migrating to. For possible
values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`destinationOptions`

    

A dictionary of options to apply to the destination store. For possible
values, see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`.

## Discussion

A store must exist at `sourceURL`; otherwise, the migration fails. Before the
migration occurs, the method ensures compatibility between the source model,
the destination model, and the mapping model. If a store doesn’t exist at
`destinationURL`, Core Data creates one as part of the migration; otherwise,
the migration updates the existing store.

Instance Property

# migrationProgress

A number between `0` and `1` that indicates the proportion of completeness of
the migration.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var migrationProgress: Float { get }

## Discussion

If a migration is not taking place, this property is `1`. You can observe this
value using key-value observing.

## See Also

### Monitoring a Migration’s Progress

`var currentEntityMapping: NSEntityMapping`

The entity mapping currently being processed.

Instance Property

# currentEntityMapping

The entity mapping currently being processed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var currentEntityMapping: NSEntityMapping { get }

## Discussion

Each entity is processed a total of three times—instance creation,
relationship creation, and validation.

### Special Considerations

You can observe this value using key-value observing.

## See Also

### Monitoring a Migration’s Progress

`var migrationProgress: Float`

A number between `0` and `1` that indicates the proportion of completeness of
the migration.

Instance Method

# cancelMigrationWithError(_:)

Cancels the migration with a given error.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func cancelMigrationWithError(_ error: any Error)

##  Parameters

`error`

    

An error object that describes the reason why the migration is canceled.

## Discussion

You can invoke this method from anywhere in the migration process to abort the
migration. Calling this method causes
`migrateStore(from:sourceType:options:with:toDestinationURL:destinationType:destinationOptions:)`
to abort the migration and return `error`—you should provide an appropriate
error to indicate the reason for the cancellation.

## See Also

### Aborting a Migration

`func reset()`

Resets the association tables for the migration.

Instance Method

# reset()

Resets the association tables for the migration.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func reset()

## Discussion

This method does not reset the source or destination contexts.

## See Also

### Aborting a Migration

`func cancelMigrationWithError(any Error)`

Cancels the migration with a given error.



# NSStagedMigrationManager

Initializer

# init(_:)

Creates a migration manager with the specified stages.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 15.0+

    
    
    convenience init(_ stages: [NSMigrationStage])

##  Parameters

`stages`

    

The array of migration stages to execute.

## Discussion

Important

Core Data processes the migration stages in the order that you provide them.

Instance Property

# container

The container that provides access to the migrating persistent store.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var container: NSPersistentContainer? { get }

Instance Property

# stages

The migration stages.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var stages: [NSMigrationStage] { get }

## Discussion

Core Data sets this property to the `stages` parameter you specify when
creating the migration manager.



# Migration options

Global Variable

# NSIgnorePersistentStoreVersioningOption

Key to ignore the built-in versioning provided by Core Data.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSIgnorePersistentStoreVersioningOption: String

## Discussion

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object. If the `boolValue` of the
number is `true`, Core Data will not compare the version hashes between the
managed object model in the coordinator and the metadata for the loaded store.
(It will, however, continue to update the version hash information in the
metadata.) This key and corresponding value of `true` is specified by default
for all applications linked on or before OS X v10.4.

Global Variable

# NSMigratePersistentStoresAutomaticallyOption

Key to automatically attempt to migrate versioned stores.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSMigratePersistentStoresAutomaticallyOption: String

## Discussion

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object. If the `boolValue` of the
number is `true` and if the version hash information for the added store is
determined to be incompatible with the model for the coordinator, Core Data
will attempt to locate the source and mapping models in the application
bundles, and perform a migration.

Global Variable

# NSInferMappingModelAutomaticallyOption

Key to attempt to create the mapping model automatically.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInferMappingModelAutomaticallyOption: String

## Discussion

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object. If the `boolValue` of the
number is `true` and the value of the
`NSMigratePersistentStoresAutomaticallyOption` is `true`, the coordinator will
attempt to infer a mapping model if none can be found.



# NSFetchIndexElementType

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchIndexElementType.binary

A binary index type.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case binary = 0

## See Also

### Index Types

`case rTree`

An R-tree index type.

Enumeration Case

# NSFetchIndexElementType.rTree

An R-tree index type.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case rTree = 1

## See Also

### Index Types

`case binary`

A binary index type.



# Merge Policies

Global Variable

# NSErrorMergePolicy

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSErrorMergePolicy: AnyObject

## Discussion

If a save fails because of conflicting objects, you can find the IDs of those
objects in error’s `userInfo` dictionary. Use the `NSInsertedObjectsKey` and
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey` keys to extract the object IDs.

## See Also

### Policies

`var NSMergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`var NSMergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`var NSOverwriteMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`var NSRollbackMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

`enum NSMergePolicyType`

Constants that define merge policy types.

Global Variable

# NSMergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicy

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject

## Discussion

A policy that merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by individual property, with external
changes trumping in-memory changes.

## See Also

### Policies

`var NSErrorMergePolicy: AnyObject`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`var NSMergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`var NSOverwriteMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`var NSRollbackMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

`enum NSMergePolicyType`

Constants that define merge policy types.

Global Variable

# NSMergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicy

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSMergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject

## Discussion

A policy that merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by individual property, with in-
memory changes trumping external changes.

## See Also

### Policies

`var NSErrorMergePolicy: AnyObject`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`var NSMergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`var NSOverwriteMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`var NSRollbackMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

`enum NSMergePolicyType`

Constants that define merge policy types.

Global Variable

# NSOverwriteMergePolicy

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSOverwriteMergePolicy: AnyObject

## Discussion

This policy merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by saving the entire in-memory object
to the persistent store.

## See Also

### Policies

`var NSErrorMergePolicy: AnyObject`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`var NSMergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`var NSMergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`var NSRollbackMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

`enum NSMergePolicyType`

Constants that define merge policy types.

Global Variable

# NSRollbackMergePolicy

A merge policy that discards unsaved changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var NSRollbackMergePolicy: AnyObject

## Discussion

This policy merges conflicts between the persistent store’s version of the
object and the current in-memory version by discarding unsaved changes.

## See Also

### Policies

`var NSErrorMergePolicy: AnyObject`

The default merge policy for all managed object contexts.

`var NSMergeByPropertyStoreTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies external changes.

`var NSMergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A property-based merge policy that applies in-memory changes.

`var NSOverwriteMergePolicy: AnyObject`

A merge policy that overwrites the entire stored object.

`enum NSMergePolicyType`

Constants that define merge policy types.



# Store options

Global Variable

# NSReadOnlyPersistentStoreOption

A flag that indicates whether a store is treated as read-only or not.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSReadOnlyPersistentStoreOption: String

## Discussion

The default value is `false`.

Global Variable

# NSValidateXMLStoreOption

A flag that indicates whether an XML file should be validated with the DTD
while opening.

macOS 10.4+

    
    
    let NSValidateXMLStoreOption: String

## Discussion

The default value is `false`.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption

Options key that specifies the connection timeout for Core Data stores.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreTimeoutOption: String

## Discussion

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object that represents the duration
in seconds that Core Data will wait while attempting to create a connection to
a persistent store. If a connection is cannot be made within that timeframe,
the operation is aborted and an error is returned.

Global Variable

# NSSQLitePragmasOption

Options key for a dictionary of SQLite pragma settings with pragma values
indexed by pragma names as keys.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSSQLitePragmasOption: String

## Discussion

All pragma values must be specified as `NSString` objects. The `fullfsync` and
`synchronous` pragmas control the tradeoff between write performance (write to
disk speed & cache utilization) and durability (data loss/corruption
sensitivity to power interruption). For more information on pragma settings,
see http://sqlite.org/pragma.html.

Global Variable

# NSSQLiteAnalyzeOption

Option key to run an analysis of the store data to optimize indices based on
statistical information when the store is added to the coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSSQLiteAnalyzeOption: String

## Discussion

This invokes SQLite's `ANALYZE` command. It is ignored by stores other than
the SQLite store.

Global Variable

# NSSQLiteManualVacuumOption

Option key to rebuild the store file, forcing a database wide defragmentation
when the store is added to the coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSSQLiteManualVacuumOption: String

## Discussion

This invokes SQLite's `VACUUM` command. It is ignored by stores other than the
SQLite store.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreFileProtectionKey

Key to represent the protection class for the persistent store.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS 2.0+  visionOS
1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreFileProtectionKey: String

## Discussion

Backward compatibility may preclude some features. The acceptable values are
those defined for the `protectionKey`. The default value is
`completeUntilFirstUserAuthentication` for all applications built on or after
iOS v5.0. The default value for all older applications is `none`.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreForceDestroyOption

A flag that indicates the coordinator destroys the store file even if the
operation might be unsafe, overriding locks, if necessary.

iOS 6.0+  iPadOS 6.0+  macOS 10.8+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreForceDestroyOption: String

Global Variable

# NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSExternalRecordExtensionOption

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String

## Discussion

For possible values, see `Format Options for Spotlight External Record Files`.

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

iOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.7–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String

## Discussion

This option is required for ubiquitous content to function.

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

iOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.7–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String

## Discussion

In iOS 6 and OS X 10.8 and below, this option is required for ubiquitous
content to function. In iOS 7 and macOS 10.9 and later, it is optional.

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should erase the local store file and rebuild
it from the iCloud data in Mobile Documents.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreRebuildFromUbiquitousContentOption: String

## See Also

### Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsDirectoryOption: String`

Option indicating the directory where Spotlight external record files should
be written to.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordExtensionOption: String`

Option indicating the file extension to use for Spotlight external record
files.

Deprecated

`let NSExternalRecordsFileFormatOption: String`

Option to specify the file format of a Spotlight external records.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentNameKey: String`

Option to specify that a persistent store has a given name in ubiquity.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContentURLKey: String`

Option to specify the log path to use for ubiquitous content logs.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousPeerTokenOption: String`

The corresponding value is an optionally specified string which will be mixed
in to Core Data’s identifier for each iCloud peer. The value must be an
alphanumeric string without any special characters, whitespace or punctuation.
The primary use for this option is to allow multiple applications on the same
peer (device) to share a Core Data store integrated with iCloud. Each
application will require its own store file.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreRemoveUbiquitousMetadataOption: String`

The corresponding value is an `NSNumber` object representing a boolean that
indicates whether the receiver should remove all associated ubiquity metadata
from a persistent store. You typically use this option during migration or
copying to disassociate a persistent store file from an iCloud account.

Deprecated

`let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousContainerIdentifierKey: String`

The corresponding value is a string specifying the iCloud container identifier
Core Data should pass to `url(forUbiquityContainerIdentifier:)`.

Deprecated



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventRequest

Type Method

# fetchEvents(after:)

Creates a fetch request for events after a specified date from a persistent
CloudKit container.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchEvents(after date: Date) -> Self

##  Parameters

`date`

    

The earliest date to return events for.

## Return Value

A request object that fetches persistent CloudKit container events by
executing in a managed object context.

## See Also

### Fetching Events

`class func fetchEvents(after: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event?) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that occur after a specified event from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(matchingFetch: NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that match a specified fetch request from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchForEvents() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Creates a fetch request for all events in a persistent CloudKit container.

`var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The type of result that the request returns.

Type Method

# fetchEvents(after:)

Creates a fetch request for events that occur after a specified event from a
persistent CloudKit container.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchEvents(after event: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event?) -> Self

##  Parameters

`event`

    

An event that precedes other events.

## Return Value

A request object that fetches persistent CloudKit container events by
executing in a managed object context.

## See Also

### Fetching Events

`class func fetchEvents(after: Date) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events after a specified date from a persistent
CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(matchingFetch: NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that match a specified fetch request from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchForEvents() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Creates a fetch request for all events in a persistent CloudKit container.

`var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The type of result that the request returns.

Type Method

# fetchEvents(matchingFetch:)

Creates a fetch request for events that match a specified fetch request from a
persistent CloudKit container.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchEvents(matchingFetch fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Self

##  Parameters

`fetchRequest`

    

A fetch request to identify matching events.

## Return Value

A request object that fetches persistent CloudKit container events by
executing in a managed object context.

## See Also

### Fetching Events

`class func fetchEvents(after: Date) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events after a specified date from a persistent
CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(after: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event?) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that occur after a specified event from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchForEvents() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Creates a fetch request for all events in a persistent CloudKit container.

`var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The type of result that the request returns.

Type Method

# fetchForEvents()

Creates a fetch request for all events in a persistent CloudKit container.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchForEvents() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>

## Return Value

A request object that fetches persistent CloudKit container events by
executing in a managed object context.

## See Also

### Fetching Events

`class func fetchEvents(after: Date) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events after a specified date from a persistent
CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(after: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event?) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that occur after a specified event from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(matchingFetch: NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that match a specified fetch request from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The type of result that the request returns.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that the request returns.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType { get set }

## See Also

### Fetching Events

`class func fetchEvents(after: Date) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events after a specified date from a persistent
CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(after: NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.Event?) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that occur after a specified event from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchEvents(matchingFetch: NSFetchRequest<any
NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Self`

Creates a fetch request for events that match a specified fetch request from a
persistent CloudKit container.

`class func fetchForEvents() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Creates a fetch request for all events in a persistent CloudKit container.



# NSPersistentStoreRequest

Instance Property

# affectedStores

The stores the request should be sent to.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]? { get set }

## Discussion

The array contains instances of `NSPersistentStore`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var requestType: NSPersistentStoreRequestType`

The type of the fetch request.

`enum NSPersistentStoreRequestType`

Constants that specify the types of fetch requests.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Property

# requestType

The type of the fetch request.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var requestType: NSPersistentStoreRequestType { get }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var affectedStores: [NSPersistentStore]?`

The stores the request should be sent to.

`enum NSPersistentStoreRequestType`

Constants that specify the types of fetch requests.



# NSEntityDescription

Instance Property

# name

The entity name of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the name raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been used by
an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Property

# managedObjectModel

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

### Related Documentation

`func setEntities([NSEntityDescription], forConfigurationName: String)`

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

`var entities: [NSEntityDescription]`

The entities in the model.

Instance Property

# managedObjectClassName

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectClassName: String! { get set }

## Discussion

The class specified by `name` must `NSManagedObject` or a subclass of
`NSManagedObject`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the class name raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# renamingIdentifier

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var renamingIdentifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

The renaming identifier is used to resolve naming conflicts between models.
When creating a mapping model between two managed object models, a source
entity and a destination entity that share the same identifier indicate that
an entity mapping should be configured to migrate from the source to the
destination.

If you do not set this value, the identifier will return the entity’s name.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# isAbstract

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isAbstract: Bool { get set }

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver represents an abstract entity, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver represents an abstract entity, otherwise `false`. An
abstract entity might be Shape, with concrete sub-entities such as Rectangle,
Triangle, and Circle.

### Special Considerations

Setting whether an entity is abstract raises an exception if the receiver’s
model has been used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the user info dictionary raises an exception if the receiver’s model
has been used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression { get set }

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# subentitiesByName

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription] { get }

## Return Value

The keys in the dictionary are the sub-entity names, the corresponding values
are instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentities: [NSEntityDescription]`

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

`var superentity: NSEntityDescription?`

The super-entity of the receiver.

`func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

Instance Property

# subentities

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var subentities: [NSEntityDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

The sub-entities are instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the sub-entities raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

`var superentity: NSEntityDescription?`

The super-entity of the receiver.

`func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

Instance Property

# superentity

The super-entity of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var superentity: NSEntityDescription? { get }

## Discussion

If the receiver has no super-entity, returns `nil`.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

`var subentities: [NSEntityDescription]`

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

`func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

Instance Method

# isKindOf(entity:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

An entity.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver is a sub-entity of `entity`, otherwise `false`.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

`var subentities: [NSEntityDescription]`

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

`var superentity: NSEntityDescription?`

The super-entity of the receiver.

Instance Property

# propertiesByName

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription] { get }

## Discussion

The keys in the dictionary are the property names and the values are instances
of `NSAttributeDescription` and/or `NSRelationshipDescription`.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Property

# properties

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var properties: [NSPropertyDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

The elements in the array are instances of `NSAttributeDescription`,
`NSRelationshipDescription`, and/or `NSFetchedPropertyDescription`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the properties raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Property

# attributesByName

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription] { get }

## Discussion

The keys in the dictionary are the attribute names and the values are
instances of `NSAttributeDescription`. .

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Property

# relationshipsByName

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription] { get }

## Discussion

The keys in the dictionary are the relationship names and the values are
instances of `NSRelationshipDescription`.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Method

# relationships(forDestination:)

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func relationships(forDestination entity: NSEntityDescription) -> [NSRelationshipDescription]

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

An entity description.

## Return Value

An array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is `entity`. Elements in the array are
instances of `NSRelationshipDescription`.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

Instance Property

# indexes

An array of fetch index descriptions for the entity.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var indexes: [NSFetchIndexDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

This value doesn’t form part of the entity’s version hash, and stores that
don’t natively support indexing may ignore it.

Important

Set indexes last in a model. Changing an entity hierarchy in any way that
affects the validity of indexes drops all existing indexes for entities in
that hierarchy, such as adding or removing superentities or subentities, or
adding and removing properties anywhere in the hierarchy.

## See Also

### Configuring indexes and constraints

`var uniquenessConstraints: [[Any]]`

An array of arrays that contains one or more attributes with a value that must
be unique over the instances of that entity.

`var compoundIndexes: [[Any]]`

The compound indexes for the entity as an array of arrays.

Deprecated

Instance Property

# uniquenessConstraints

An array of arrays that contains one or more attributes with a value that must
be unique over the instances of that entity.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var uniquenessConstraints: [[Any]] { get set }

## Discussion

Each inner array contains one or more `NSAttributeDescription` objects or
strings that contain the names of attributes on the entity.

This value forms part of the entity’s version hash. Stores that don’t support
uniqueness constraints must refuse to initialize when receiving a model that
contains such constraints.

Note

Uniqueness constraint violations can be computationally expensive to handle.
The recommendation is to use only one uniqueness constraint per entity
hierarchy, although subentites may extend a superentity’s constraint.

## See Also

### Configuring indexes and constraints

`var indexes: [NSFetchIndexDescription]`

An array of fetch index descriptions for the entity.

`var compoundIndexes: [[Any]]`

The compound indexes for the entity as an array of arrays.

Deprecated

Instance Property

# compoundIndexes

The compound indexes for the entity as an array of arrays.

iOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.5–10.13
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–11.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–4.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    var compoundIndexes: [[Any]] { get set }

## Discussion

The arrays contained in the returned array contain instances of
`NSAttributeDescription`, `NSRelationshipDescription` that represent
properties of the entity, or of `NSString` that match the name of attributes
or relationships of the entity.

Compound indexes are only used by stores that natively support compound
indices—setting them is only advisory. Indexes apply to the entire inheritance
hierarchy.

## See Also

### Configuring indexes and constraints

`var indexes: [NSFetchIndexDescription]`

An array of fetch index descriptions for the entity.

`var uniquenessConstraints: [[Any]]`

An array of arrays that contains one or more attributes with a value that must
be unique over the instances of that entity.

Type Method

# insertNewObject(forEntityName:into:)

Creates, configures, and returns an instance of the class for the entity with
a given name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func insertNewObject(
        forEntityName entityName: String,
        into context: NSManagedObjectContext
    ) -> NSManagedObject

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of an entity.

`context`

    

The managed object context to use.

## Return Value

A new, autoreleased, fully configured instance of the class for the entity
named `entityName`. The instance has its entity description set and is
inserted it into `context`.

## Discussion

This method makes it easy for you to create instances of a given entity
without worrying about the details of managed object creation. The method is
conceptually similar to the following code example.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, insertInto: NSManagedObjectContext?)`

Initializes a managed object from an entity description and inserts it into
the specified managed object context.

Type Method

# entity(forEntityName:in:)

Returns the entity with the specified name from the managed object model
associated with the specified managed object context’s persistent store
coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func entity(
        forEntityName entityName: String,
        in context: NSManagedObjectContext
    ) -> NSEntityDescription?

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of an entity.

`context`

    

The managed object context to use. Must not be `nil`.

## Return Value

The entity with the specified name from the managed object model associated
with `context`’s persistent store coordinator.

## Discussion

Raises `internalInconsistencyException` if `context` is `nil`.

This method is functionally equivalent to the following code example.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The version hash for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

The version hash is used to uniquely identify an entity based on the
collection and configuration of properties for the entity. The version hash
uses only values which affect the persistence of data and the user-defined
`versionHashModifier` value. (The values which affect persistence are: the
name of the entity, the version hash of the superentity (if present), if the
entity is abstract, and all of the version hashes for the properties.) This
value is stored as part of the version information in the metadata for stores
which use this entity, as well as a definition of an entity involved in an
`NSEntityMapping` object.

## See Also

### Managing versioning

`var versionHashModifier: String?`

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# versionHashModifier

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHashModifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This value is included in the version hash for the entity. You use it to mark
or denote an entity as being a different “version” than another even if all of
the values which affect persistence are equal. (Such a difference is important
in cases where, for example, the structure of an entity is unchanged but the
format or content of data has changed.)

## See Also

### Managing versioning

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.

Instance Property

# name

The entity name of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the name raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been used by
an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Property

# managedObjectModel

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

### Related Documentation

`func setEntities([NSEntityDescription], forConfigurationName: String)`

Associates the specified entities with the model using the given configuration
name.

`var entities: [NSEntityDescription]`

The entities in the model.

Instance Property

# managedObjectClassName

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectClassName: String! { get set }

## Discussion

The class specified by `name` must `NSManagedObject` or a subclass of
`NSManagedObject`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the class name raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# renamingIdentifier

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var renamingIdentifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

The renaming identifier is used to resolve naming conflicts between models.
When creating a mapping model between two managed object models, a source
entity and a destination entity that share the same identifier indicate that
an entity mapping should be configured to migrate from the source to the
destination.

If you do not set this value, the identifier will return the entity’s name.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# isAbstract

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isAbstract: Bool { get set }

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver represents an abstract entity, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver represents an abstract entity, otherwise `false`. An
abstract entity might be Shape, with concrete sub-entities such as Rectangle,
Triangle, and Circle.

### Special Considerations

Setting whether an entity is abstract raises an exception if the receiver’s
model has been used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the user info dictionary raises an exception if the receiver’s model
has been used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression`

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

Instance Property

# coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression

The expression that computes the CoreSpotlight display name for instances of
the entity.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var coreSpotlightDisplayNameExpression: NSExpression { get set }

## See Also

### Getting descriptive information

`var name: String?`

The entity name of the receiver.

`var managedObjectModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The managed object model with which the receiver is associated.

`var managedObjectClassName: String!`

The name of the class that represents the receiver’s entity.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

`var isAbstract: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver represents an abstract
entity.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# subentitiesByName

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription] { get }

## Return Value

The keys in the dictionary are the sub-entity names, the corresponding values
are instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentities: [NSEntityDescription]`

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

`var superentity: NSEntityDescription?`

The super-entity of the receiver.

`func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

Instance Property

# subentities

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var subentities: [NSEntityDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

The sub-entities are instances of `NSEntityDescription`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the sub-entities raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

`var superentity: NSEntityDescription?`

The super-entity of the receiver.

`func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

Instance Property

# superentity

The super-entity of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var superentity: NSEntityDescription? { get }

## Discussion

If the receiver has no super-entity, returns `nil`.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

`var subentities: [NSEntityDescription]`

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

`func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

Instance Method

# isKindOf(entity:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is a sub-entity of
another given entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func isKindOf(entity: NSEntityDescription) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

An entity.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver is a sub-entity of `entity`, otherwise `false`.

## See Also

### Managing inheritance

`var subentitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

A dictionary containing the receiver’s sub-entities.

`var subentities: [NSEntityDescription]`

An array containing the sub-entities of the receiver.

`var superentity: NSEntityDescription?`

The super-entity of the receiver.

Instance Property

# propertiesByName

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription] { get }

## Discussion

The keys in the dictionary are the property names and the values are instances
of `NSAttributeDescription` and/or `NSRelationshipDescription`.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Property

# properties

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var properties: [NSPropertyDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

The elements in the array are instances of `NSAttributeDescription`,
`NSRelationshipDescription`, and/or `NSFetchedPropertyDescription`.

### Special Considerations

Setting the properties raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Property

# attributesByName

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription] { get }

## Discussion

The keys in the dictionary are the attribute names and the values are
instances of `NSAttributeDescription`. .

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Property

# relationshipsByName

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription] { get }

## Discussion

The keys in the dictionary are the relationship names and the values are
instances of `NSRelationshipDescription`.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`func relationships(forDestination: NSEntityDescription) ->
[NSRelationshipDescription]`

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

Instance Method

# relationships(forDestination:)

Returns an array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is a given entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func relationships(forDestination entity: NSEntityDescription) -> [NSRelationshipDescription]

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

An entity description.

## Return Value

An array containing the relationships of the receiver where the entity
description of the relationship is `entity`. Elements in the array are
instances of `NSRelationshipDescription`.

## See Also

### Working with properties

`var propertiesByName: [String : NSPropertyDescription]`

A dictionary containing the properties of the receiver.

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

`var attributesByName: [String : NSAttributeDescription]`

The attributes of the receiver in a dictionary.

`var relationshipsByName: [String : NSRelationshipDescription]`

The relationships of the receiver in a dictionary.

Instance Property

# indexes

An array of fetch index descriptions for the entity.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var indexes: [NSFetchIndexDescription] { get set }

## Discussion

This value doesn’t form part of the entity’s version hash, and stores that
don’t natively support indexing may ignore it.

Important

Set indexes last in a model. Changing an entity hierarchy in any way that
affects the validity of indexes drops all existing indexes for entities in
that hierarchy, such as adding or removing superentities or subentities, or
adding and removing properties anywhere in the hierarchy.

## See Also

### Configuring indexes and constraints

`var uniquenessConstraints: [[Any]]`

An array of arrays that contains one or more attributes with a value that must
be unique over the instances of that entity.

`var compoundIndexes: [[Any]]`

The compound indexes for the entity as an array of arrays.

Deprecated

Instance Property

# uniquenessConstraints

An array of arrays that contains one or more attributes with a value that must
be unique over the instances of that entity.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var uniquenessConstraints: [[Any]] { get set }

## Discussion

Each inner array contains one or more `NSAttributeDescription` objects or
strings that contain the names of attributes on the entity.

This value forms part of the entity’s version hash. Stores that don’t support
uniqueness constraints must refuse to initialize when receiving a model that
contains such constraints.

Note

Uniqueness constraint violations can be computationally expensive to handle.
The recommendation is to use only one uniqueness constraint per entity
hierarchy, although subentites may extend a superentity’s constraint.

## See Also

### Configuring indexes and constraints

`var indexes: [NSFetchIndexDescription]`

An array of fetch index descriptions for the entity.

`var compoundIndexes: [[Any]]`

The compound indexes for the entity as an array of arrays.

Deprecated

Instance Property

# compoundIndexes

The compound indexes for the entity as an array of arrays.

iOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.5–10.13
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–11.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–4.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    var compoundIndexes: [[Any]] { get set }

## Discussion

The arrays contained in the returned array contain instances of
`NSAttributeDescription`, `NSRelationshipDescription` that represent
properties of the entity, or of `NSString` that match the name of attributes
or relationships of the entity.

Compound indexes are only used by stores that natively support compound
indices—setting them is only advisory. Indexes apply to the entire inheritance
hierarchy.

## See Also

### Configuring indexes and constraints

`var indexes: [NSFetchIndexDescription]`

An array of fetch index descriptions for the entity.

`var uniquenessConstraints: [[Any]]`

An array of arrays that contains one or more attributes with a value that must
be unique over the instances of that entity.

Type Method

# insertNewObject(forEntityName:into:)

Creates, configures, and returns an instance of the class for the entity with
a given name.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func insertNewObject(
        forEntityName entityName: String,
        into context: NSManagedObjectContext
    ) -> NSManagedObject

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of an entity.

`context`

    

The managed object context to use.

## Return Value

A new, autoreleased, fully configured instance of the class for the entity
named `entityName`. The instance has its entity description set and is
inserted it into `context`.

## Discussion

This method makes it easy for you to create instances of a given entity
without worrying about the details of managed object creation. The method is
conceptually similar to the following code example.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, insertInto: NSManagedObjectContext?)`

Initializes a managed object from an entity description and inserts it into
the specified managed object context.

Type Method

# entity(forEntityName:in:)

Returns the entity with the specified name from the managed object model
associated with the specified managed object context’s persistent store
coordinator.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func entity(
        forEntityName entityName: String,
        in context: NSManagedObjectContext
    ) -> NSEntityDescription?

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of an entity.

`context`

    

The managed object context to use. Must not be `nil`.

## Return Value

The entity with the specified name from the managed object model associated
with `context`’s persistent store coordinator.

## Discussion

Raises `internalInconsistencyException` if `context` is `nil`.

This method is functionally equivalent to the following code example.

    
    
    NSManagedObjectModel *managedObjectModel = [[context persistentStoreCoordinator] managedObjectModel];
    NSEntityDescription *entity = [[managedObjectModel entitiesByName] objectForKey:entityName];
    return entity;
    

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`var entitiesByName: [String : NSEntityDescription]`

The entities of the model, keyed by name.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The version hash for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

The version hash is used to uniquely identify an entity based on the
collection and configuration of properties for the entity. The version hash
uses only values which affect the persistence of data and the user-defined
`versionHashModifier` value. (The values which affect persistence are: the
name of the entity, the version hash of the superentity (if present), if the
entity is abstract, and all of the version hashes for the properties.) This
value is stored as part of the version information in the metadata for stores
which use this entity, as well as a definition of an entity involved in an
`NSEntityMapping` object.

## See Also

### Managing versioning

`var versionHashModifier: String?`

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# versionHashModifier

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHashModifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This value is included in the version hash for the entity. You use it to mark
or denote an entity as being a different “version” than another even if all of
the values which affect persistence are equal. (Such a difference is important
in cases where, for example, the structure of an entity is unchanged but the
format or content of data has changed.)

## See Also

### Managing versioning

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.



# Notification keys

Global Variable

# NSAddedPersistentStoresKey

Key for the array of stores that were added.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSAddedPersistentStoresKey: String

Global Variable

# NSRemovedPersistentStoresKey

Key for the array of stores that were removed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSRemovedPersistentStoresKey: String

Global Variable

# NSUUIDChangedPersistentStoresKey

Key for an array containing the old and new stores.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSUUIDChangedPersistentStoresKey: String

## Discussion

The object at index `0` is the old store instance, and the object at index `1`
the new. When migration happens, the array contains a third object (at index
`2`) that is an array containing the new objectIDs for all the migrated
objects.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreConnectionPoolMaxSizeKey

The maximum connection pool size to use on a store that supports concurrent
request handling.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreConnectionPoolMaxSizeKey: String

## Discussion

Values that you specify for this key are of type `NSNumber`. The connection
pool size determines the number of requests a store can handle concurrently,
and is a function of how many contexts attempt to access store data at any
time. Generally, you don’t set this, and use the default value instead.

The default connection pool size is implementation-dependent and may vary by
store type or platform.

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsErrorKey

The key for the array of merge conflict objects (instances of
`NSMergeConflict`).

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreSaveConflictsErrorKey: String

Global Variable

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionTypeKey

In the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange` and
`NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange` userInfo dictionaries, this
identifies the type of event. The corresponding value is one of the
`NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionType` enum values as an `NSNumber`
object.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionTypeKey: String



# Modeling data

Article

# Configuring Entities

Model your app’s objects.

## Overview

An entity describes an object, including its name, attributes, and
relationships. Create an entity for each of your app’s objects.

### Add Entities

After you create a Core Data model as described in Creating a Core Data model,
add an entity to your project’s `.xcdatamodeld` file:

  1. Click Add Entity at the bottom of the editor area. A new entity with placeholder name `Entity` appears in the Entities list.

  2. In the Entities list, double-click the newly added entity and rename it. This step updates both the entity name and class name visible in the Data Model inspector.

In addition to the required name and class name fields, entities have a
default setting for the required code generation field. If you need to add
inheritance, unique constraints, versioning, or other optional information,
configure your entity as described below. Otherwise, add the properties that
compose your entity as described in Configuring Attributes.

### Configure Entities

Use the data model inspector (choose View > Inspectors > Show Data Model
Inspector) to configure your entity.

Entity Name

    

The name of the entity in the managed object model. This field reflects the
name shown in the Entities list.

Abstract Entity

    

Select the Abstract Entity checkbox if you won’t create any instances of the
entity—for example, if it exists only as a parent entity that must never be
instantiated directly. By default, this option is unselected, resulting in a
concrete entity.

Parent Entity

    

If you have a number of similar entities, you can define the common properties
in a parent entity, and have child entities inherit those properties. By
default, this field is blank.

Class Name

    

The name of the class you'll use when creating managed object instances from
this entity. By default, the class name mirrors the entity name; however, if
you change the class name, the entity name doesn’t reflect the changes.

Module

    

The module where the class for this entity resides. By default, Core Data
locates class files in the global namespace.

Codegen

    

Choose a code generation option for generating managed object subclass and
properties files to support your entity. By default, this option is set to
Class Definition, and Core Data generates both files for you automatically.

For information about the options for code generation, see Generating code.

Constraints

    

After adding attributes as shown in Configuring Attributes, optionally enter
the name of an attribute (or comma-separated list of attributes) to serve as
unique constraints on the entity.

Unique constraints prevent duplicate records in the store. When saving a new
record, the store checks whether any record already exists with the same value
for the constrained attribute. In the case of a conflict,
`NSMergePolicyType.mergeByPropertyObjectTrumpMergePolicyType` causes the new
record to overwrite all fields in the existing record.

Spotlight Display Name

    

An `NSExpression` that Core Spotlight uses to display an instance of this
entity. This expression may include keypaths, language functions like
`lowercased()` and `uppercased()`, and custom functions.

For more information, see Core Spotlight.

User Info

    

A dictionary in which you can optionally store any application-specific
information related to the entity.

Versioning Hash Modifier

    

Provide a hash modifier when maintaining multiple model versions if the
structure of an entity is the same, but the format or content of its data has
changed.

Versioning Renaming ID

    

Provide a renaming ID if you rename an entity between model versions. Set the
renaming identifier in the new model to the name of the corresponding entity
in the previous model.

For more information, see Migrating your data model automatically.

## See Also

### Configuring a Core Data Model

Configuring Attributes

Describe the properties that compose an entity.

Configuring Relationships

Specify how entities relate and how change propagates between them.

Generating code

Automatically or manually generate managed object subclasses from entities.

Article

# Configuring Attributes

Describe the properties that compose an entity.

## Overview

After you create an entity as described in Configuring Entities, you can add
attributes to that entity.

An attribute describes a property of an entity. At minimum, you need to
specify the property’s name and data type, whether it must be saved in the
store, and whether it’s required to have a value when it’s saved.

For some attribute types, you can also choose whether to use a scalar type to
represent the attribute in generated classes, as well as configure the
attribute to have a default value, or to apply data validation rules.

### Add Attributes

Add an attribute as indicated in the screenshot and the steps that follow:

  1. With an entity selected, click Add Attribute at the bottom of the editor area. A new attribute with the placeholder name `attribute`, of type `Undefined`, appears in the Attributes list.

  2. In the Attributes list, double-click the newly added attribute, and rename it.

  3. In the Attributes list, as shown in the second screenshot, click `Undefined` and choose the attribute’s data type from the Type pop-up menu.

### Configure Attributes

Use the data model inspector (choose View > Inspectors > Show Data Model
Inspector) to configure attributes.

Attribute Type

    

The attribute’s data type. This field reflects the selection made in the
Attributes list’s Type pop-up menu.

For the full list of types, see `NSAttributeType`.

Optional

    

Optional attributes aren’t required to have a value when saved to the
persistent store. Attributes are optional by default.

Core Data optionals aren’t the same as Swift optionals. You can use a Swift
optional to represent a required attribute, for example, if you need
flexibility to set its value during the time between the object’s
initialization and its first save.

Transient

    

Transient attributes aren’t saved to the persistent store. By default,
attributes are saved to the store. Transient attributes are a useful place to
temporarily store calculated or derived values. Core Data does track changes
to transient property values for undo purposes.

Allows Cloud Encryption

    

For persistent stores that write to a CloudKit database, this option instructs
the system to encrypt the attribute’s value before it’s sent to iCloud. For
more information, see `allowsCloudEncryption`.

Default Value

    

Most types allow you to supply a default value. New object instances set the
attribute to this default value on initialization, unless you specify another
value at that time.

Supplying a default value, in combination with making the type non-optional,
can provide performance benefits.

Use Scalar Type

    

Optionally, for some types, choose between scalar and nonscalar
representations during code generation. For a `Double`, selecting the Use
Scalar checkbox produces a `Double`, while leaving it unselected produces an
`NSNumber`.

For the full list of types, including scalar variants, see `NSAttributeType`.

Validation

    

Optionally, set validation rules, such as the minimum and maximum values for a
numeric type, or regular expressions requirements for strings. The data model
inspector shows validation options specific to the selected attribute’s type.

Index in Spotlight

    

Adds the field to the Spotlight index for instances created from this entity.

For more information, see Core Spotlight.

Preserve After Deletion

    

Includes the attribute in this entity’s tombstone. When persistent history
tracking is enabled and a context deletes a managed object, Core Data records
an identifying marker, known as its tombstone, in the relevant transaction.

User Info

    

A dictionary in which you can store any application-specific information
related to the attribute.

Versioning Hash Modifier

    

Provide a hash modifier when maintaining multiple model versions if the
structure of an attribute is the same, but the format or content of its data
has changed.

Versioning Renaming ID

    

If you rename an attribute between model versions, set the renaming identifier
in the new model to the name of the corresponding attribute in the previous
model.

For more information, see Migrating your data model automatically.

## See Also

### Configuring a Core Data Model

Configuring Entities

Model your app’s objects.

Configuring Relationships

Specify how entities relate and how change propagates between them.

Generating code

Automatically or manually generate managed object subclasses from entities.

Article

# Configuring Relationships

Specify how entities relate and how change propagates between them.

## Overview

After you define at least two entities as described in Configuring Entities,
you can add a relationship between the entities.

A relationship describes how an entity affects another entity. At minimum, a
relationship specifies a name, a destination entity, a delete rule, a
cardinality type (To One or To Many), settings for whether the relationship
must be saved in the store (transient), and whether it is required to have a
value when saved (optional). You must also configure every relationship with
an inverse relationship.

### Add Relationships

To add a relationship, do the following:

  1. Select the graph editor style to view all your app’s entities.

  2. Control-drag from one entity to another to create a pair of relationships. An arrow appears between the entities to indicate a relationship, and the editor creates a placeholder relationship with the name `newRelationship` in each entity.

### Configure Relationships

After creating a pair of relationships, configure each relationship as
indicated in the screenshot and the steps that follow:

  1. Select the table editor style to edit one entity at a time.

  2. Open the Data Model inspector (choose View > Inspectors > Show Data Model Inspector). 

  3. Select the source entity from the Entities list, then select the new relationship in the Relationships list. Use the Data Model inspector to configure its name, destination, inverse, delete rule, and cardinality type, and to indicate if it is transient or optional.

  4. Select the destination entity from the Entities list, then select the new relationship in the Relationships list. Use the Data Model inspector to configure its name, destination, inverse, delete rule, and cardinality type, and to indicate if it is transient or optional.

The above example shows a `Quake` entity’s `countries` relationship, referring
to one or more countries a given earthquake affects. It has an inverse
relationship on the `Country` entity called `quakes`, referring to any
earthquakes affecting that country.

Transient

    

Transient relationships aren’t saved to the persistent store. So transient
relationships are useful to temporarily store calculated or derived values.
Core Data does track changes to transient property values for undo purposes.

Optional

    

Optional relationships aren’t required to have any instances of their
destination type. A required relationship must point to one or more instances
of the destination type.

Destination

    

Each relationship points from a source entity (the entity whose relationships
you’re editing) to a destination entity. The destination entity is a related
type that affects and is affected by the source type.

Setting the same source and destination types creates a reflexive
relationship. For example, an `Employee` may manage another `Employee`.

Inverse

    

Inverse relationships enable Core Data to propagate change in both directions
when an instance of either the source or destination type changes. Every
relationship must have an inverse.

When creating relationships in the Graph editor, you add inverse relationships
between entities in a single step. When creating relationships in the Table
editor, you add inverse relationships to each entity individually.

Delete Rule

    

A relationship’s delete rule specifies how changes propagate across
relationships when Core Data deletes a source instance.

Select No Action to delete the source object instance, but leave references to
it in any destination object instances, which you update manually.

Select**** Nullify to delete the source object instance, and nullify
references to it in any destination object instances.

Select Cascade to delete the source object instance, and with it, all of the
destination object instances.

Select Deny to delete the source object only if it doesn’t point to any
destination object instances.

Cardinality Type

    

Specify a relationship as being To One or To Many, which is known as its
cardinality.

Use To One relationships to connect the source with a single instance of the
destination type.

Use To Many relationships to connect the source with a mutable set of the
destination type, and to optionally specify an arrangement and count:

Arrangement—Select the Ordered checkbox to specify that the relationship has
an inherent ordering, and to generate an _ordered_ mutable set.

Count—You can also place upper and lower limits on the number of destination
instances. For optional relationships, the number of instances can be zero or
within these bounds.

Index in Spotlight

    

Includes the field in the Spotlight index. For more information, see Core
Spotlight.

## See Also

### Configuring a Core Data Model

Configuring Entities

Model your app’s objects.

Configuring Attributes

Describe the properties that compose an entity.

Generating code

Automatically or manually generate managed object subclasses from entities.

### Related Documentation

`enum NSDeleteRule`

Constants that determine what happens when you delete a relationship’s owning
managed object.

Article

# Generating code

Automatically or manually generate managed object subclasses from entities.

## Overview

After you define your entities, their attributes, and relationships as
described in Configuring a Core Data Model, specify the classes that you’ll
use to create instances of your entities. Core Data optionally generates two
files to support your class: a class file and a properties file.

The class file declares the class as a subclass of `NSManagedObject`:

The properties file declares an extension to hold the `@NSManaged` properties
that represent attributes and relationships, their accessors, and helper
functionality for fetching instances of this type:

Core Data takes care of generating managed object subclasses for you, but you
can take control when you need to add logic or edit properties.

### Select a Code Generation Option

To select a code generation option:

  1. Select an entity from the Entities list. 

  2. In the Data Model inspector, below Class, the Codegen pop-up menu offers three options: Manual/None, Class Definition, and Category/Extension. 

The sections that follow describe circumstances for choosing each option.

#### Automatically Generate Both Files

Choose Class Definition when you don’t need to edit the properties or
functionality of the managed object subclass and properties files that Core
Data generates for you.

The generated source code doesn’t appear in your project’s source list. Xcode
produces the class and properties files as part of the build process and
places them in your project’s build directory.

These files regenerate whenever the related entity changes in the data model.

#### Generate the Properties File Only

Choose Category/Extension to add additional convenience methods or business
logic inside your managed object subclass.

This option allows you take full control of the class file, while continuing
to automatically generate the properties file to keep it up-to-date with the
model editor. It’s up to you to create and maintain your class manually.

To generate the class file initially, do the following:

  1. From the Xcode menu bar, choose Editor > Create NSManagedObject Subclass.

  2. Select your data model, then the appropriate entity, and choose where to save the files. Xcode places both class and properties files into your project. 

  3. Because the build process continues to generate the properties file, move this duplicate file from your project source list to the Trash.

You can now see and edit the class file in your project source list.

#### Manage Both Files Manually

Choose Manual/None to edit the properties in your managed object subclass, for
example, to alter access modifiers, and to add additional convenience methods
or business logic.

Using this option, Core Data doesn’t generate any files to support your
managed object. You create and maintain your class, including its properties,
manually. Core Data then locates these files using the values you supply in
the class name and module fields.

To generate the class and properties files initially:

  1. From the Xcode menu bar, choose Editor > Create NSManagedObject Subclass.

  2. Select your data model, then the appropriate entity, and choose where to save the files. Xcode places both a class and a properties file into your project.

You can now see and edit both the class and properties files in your project
source list.

Note

To regenerate class and properties files at any time, choose Editor > Create
NSManagedObject Subclass. Be aware that the new files overwrite any existing
files at the target location.

## See Also

### Configuring a Core Data Model

Configuring Entities

Model your app’s objects.

Configuring Attributes

Describe the properties that compose an entity.

Configuring Relationships

Specify how entities relate and how change propagates between them.



# Core Data stack

Class

# NSPersistentStoreResult

The abstract base class for results returned from a persistent store
coordinator.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class NSPersistentStoreResult : NSObject

## Relationships

### Inherits From

  * `NSObject`

## See Also

### Store Coordination

`class NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`

An object that enables an app’s contexts and the underlying persistent stores
to work together.

`class NSPersistentStore`

The abstract base class for all Core Data persistent stores.

`class NSPersistentStoreDescription`

A description object used to create and load a persistent store.

`class NSPersistentStoreRequest`

Criteria used to retrieve data from or save data to a persistent store.

`class NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousResult`

A concrete class used to represent the results of an asynchronous request.

`class NSSaveChangesRequest`

An encapsulation of a collection of changes to be made by an object store in
response to a save operation on a managed object context.

`class NSAtomicStore`

An abstract superclass that you subclass to create a Core Data atomic store.

`class NSAtomicStoreCacheNode`

A concrete class that you use to represent basic nodes in a Core Data atomic
store.

`class NSIncrementalStore`

An abstract superclass defining the API through which Core Data communicates
with a store.

`class NSIncrementalStoreNode`

A concrete class used to represent basic nodes in a Core Data incremental
store.



# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionType

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionType.accountAdded

This value indicates that a new iCloud account is available, and the
persistent store in use will or did transition to the new account.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    case accountAdded = 1

## Discussion

It is only possible to discern this state when the application is running, and
therefore this transition type will only be posted if the account changes
while the application is running or in the background.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionType.accountRemoved

This value indicates that no iCloud account is available, and the persistent
store in use will or did transition to the “local” store.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    case accountRemoved = 2

## Discussion

It is only possible to discern this state when the application is running, and
therefore this transition type will only be posted if the account is removed
while the application is running or in the background.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionType.contentRemoved

This value indicates that the user has wiped the contents of the iCloud
account, usually using Delete All from Documents & Data in Settings.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    case contentRemoved = 3

## Discussion

The Core Data integration will transition to an empty store file as a result
of this event.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentStoreUbiquitousTransitionType.initialImportCompleted

This value indicates that the Core Data integration has finished building a
store file that is consistent with the contents of the iCloud account, and is
ready to replace the fallback store with that file.

iOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 7.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.9–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    case initialImportCompleted = 4



# NSBatchInsertResult

Instance Property

# result

The result of a batch-insertion request.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var result: Any? { get }

## Discussion

Cast the result to the type corresponding to `resultType` to inspect it. The
following example shows how to inspect a result type of
`NSBatchInsertRequestResultType.statusOnly`.

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

`enum NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

Result types for a batch-insertion request.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Results

`var result: Any?`

The result of a batch-insertion request.

`enum NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

Result types for a batch-insertion request.



# NSAtomicStore

Initializer

# init(persistentStoreCoordinator:configurationName:at:options:)

Creates an atomic store at the specified location.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        persistentStoreCoordinator coordinator: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator?,
        configurationName: String?,
        at url: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    )

##  Parameters

`coordinator`

    

The persistent store coordinator.

`configurationName`

    

The name of the store’s configuration in the managed object model.

`url`

    

The URL of the store to load. This value can’t be `nil`.

`options`

    

A dictionary that contains the store’s options. For possible values, see Store
options.

## Discussion

Typically, you don’t invoke this method yourself; instead, the persistent
store coordinator invokes the method when it creates a new store or adds an
existing one.

In your implementation, check whether a file exists at `url`. If it doesn’t
exist, create a zero-length file at `url` so that the file exists before the
coordinator calls the store’s `load()` method. A zero-length file indicates to
the system that it should create a new store at that location. If the
coordinator removes the store without first calling `save()`, delete the zero-
length file.

It’s your responsibility to load the store’s metadata during initialization
and set it using the `setMetadata(_:forPersistentStoreAt:)` method.

Important

If you override this method, you must invoke the superclass implementation to
ensure that Core Data correctly initializes the store.

Instance Method

# load()

Loads the cache nodes for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func load() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the cache nodes were loaded correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

You override this method to load the data from the URL specified in
`init(persistentStoreCoordinator:configurationName:at:options:)` and create
cache nodes for the represented objects. You must respect the configuration
specified for the store, as well as the options.

Any subclass of `NSAtomicStore` must be able to handle being initialized with
a URL pointing to a zero-length file. This serves as an indicator that a new
store is to be constructed at the specified location and allows you to
securely create reservation files in known locations which can then be passed
to Core Data to construct stores. You may choose to create zero-length
reservation files during
`init(persistentStoreCoordinator:configurationName:at:options:)` or `load()`.
If you do so, you must remove the reservation file if the store is removed
from the coordinator before it is saved.

You must override this method in a subclass of `NSAtomicStore`.

## See Also

### Loading a Store

`func objectID(for: NSEntityDescription, withReferenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a managed object ID from the reference data for a specified entity.

`func addCacheNodes(Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)`

Registers a set of cache nodes with the receiver.

Instance Method

# objectID(for:withReferenceObject:)

Returns a managed object ID from the reference data for a specified entity.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func objectID(
        for entity: NSEntityDescription,
        withReferenceObject data: Any
    ) -> NSManagedObjectID

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

An entity description object.

`data`

    

Reference data for which the managed object ID is required.

## Return Value

The managed object ID from the reference data for a specified entity

## Discussion

You use this method to create managed object IDs which are then used to create
cache nodes for information being loaded into the store.

### Special Considerations

You should not override this method.

## See Also

### Loading a Store

`func load()`

Loads the cache nodes for the receiver.

`func addCacheNodes(Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)`

Registers a set of cache nodes with the receiver.

Instance Method

# addCacheNodes(_:)

Registers a set of cache nodes with the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func addCacheNodes(_ cacheNodes: Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)

##  Parameters

`cacheNodes`

    

A set of cache nodes.

## Discussion

You should invoke this method in a subclass during the call to `load()` to
register the loaded information with the store.

## See Also

### Loading a Store

`func load()`

Loads the cache nodes for the receiver.

`func objectID(for: NSEntityDescription, withReferenceObject: Any) ->
NSManagedObjectID`

Returns a managed object ID from the reference data for a specified entity.

Instance Method

# newCacheNode(for:)

Returns a new cache node for a given managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func newCacheNode(for managedObject: NSManagedObject) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode

##  Parameters

`managedObject`

    

A managed object.

## Return Value

A new cache node for `managedObject`.

## Discussion

This method is invoked by the framework during a save operation, once for each
newly-inserted managed object. It should pull information from the managed
object and return a cache node containing the information (the node will be
registered by the framework).

### Special Considerations

You must override this method.

## See Also

### Updating Cache Nodes

`func newReferenceObject(for: NSManagedObject) -> Any`

Returns a new reference object for a given managed object.

`func updateCacheNode(NSAtomicStoreCacheNode, from: NSManagedObject)`

Updates the given cache node using the values in a given managed object.

`func willRemoveCacheNodes(Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)`

Method invoked before the store removes the given collection of cache nodes.

Instance Method

# newReferenceObject(for:)

Returns a new reference object for a given managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func newReferenceObject(for managedObject: NSManagedObject) -> Any

##  Parameters

`managedObject`

    

A managed object. At the time this method is called, it has a temporary ID.

## Return Value

A new reference object for `managedObject`.

## Discussion

This method is invoked by the framework after a save operation on a managed
object context, once for each newly-inserted managed object. The value
returned is used to create a permanent ID for the object and must be unique
for an instance within its entity's inheritance hierarchy (in this store).

### Special Considerations

You must override this method.

This method must return a stable (unchanging) value for a given object,
otherwise Save As and migration will not work correctly. This means that you
can use arbitrary numbers, UUIDs, or other random values only if they are
persisted with the raw data. If you cannot save the originally-assigned
reference object with the data, then the method must derive the reference
object from the managed object’s values. For more details, see Atomic Store
Programming Topics.

## See Also

### Updating Cache Nodes

`func newCacheNode(for: NSManagedObject) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode`

Returns a new cache node for a given managed object.

`func updateCacheNode(NSAtomicStoreCacheNode, from: NSManagedObject)`

Updates the given cache node using the values in a given managed object.

`func willRemoveCacheNodes(Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)`

Method invoked before the store removes the given collection of cache nodes.

Instance Method

# updateCacheNode(_:from:)

Updates the given cache node using the values in a given managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func updateCacheNode(
        _ node: NSAtomicStoreCacheNode,
        from managedObject: NSManagedObject
    )

##  Parameters

`node`

    

The cache node to update.

`managedObject`

    

The managed object with which to update `node`.

## Discussion

This method is invoked by the framework after a save operation on a managed
object context, once for each updated `NSManagedObject` instance.

You override this method in a subclass to take the information from
`managedObject` and update `node`.

### Special Considerations

You must override this method.

## See Also

### Updating Cache Nodes

`func newCacheNode(for: NSManagedObject) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode`

Returns a new cache node for a given managed object.

`func newReferenceObject(for: NSManagedObject) -> Any`

Returns a new reference object for a given managed object.

`func willRemoveCacheNodes(Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)`

Method invoked before the store removes the given collection of cache nodes.

Instance Method

# willRemoveCacheNodes(_:)

Method invoked before the store removes the given collection of cache nodes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willRemoveCacheNodes(_ cacheNodes: Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)

##  Parameters

`cacheNodes`

    

The set of cache nodes to remove.

## Discussion

This method is invoked by the store before the call to `save()` with the
collection of cache nodes marked as deleted by a managed object context. You
can override this method to track the nodes which will not be made persistent
in the `save()` method.

You should not invoke this method directly in a subclass.

## See Also

### Updating Cache Nodes

`func newCacheNode(for: NSManagedObject) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode`

Returns a new cache node for a given managed object.

`func newReferenceObject(for: NSManagedObject) -> Any`

Returns a new reference object for a given managed object.

`func updateCacheNode(NSAtomicStoreCacheNode, from: NSManagedObject)`

Updates the given cache node using the values in a given managed object.

### Related Documentation

`func save()`

Saves the cache nodes.

Instance Method

# save()

Saves the cache nodes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func save() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes
the problem.

## Discussion

You override this method to make persistent the necessary information from the
cache nodes to the URL specified for the receiver.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

### Special Considerations

You must override this method.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`func updateCacheNode(NSAtomicStoreCacheNode, from: NSManagedObject)`

Updates the given cache node using the values in a given managed object.

`func willRemoveCacheNodes(Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>)`

Method invoked before the store removes the given collection of cache nodes.

`func newReferenceObject(for: NSManagedObject) -> Any`

Returns a new reference object for a given managed object.

Instance Method

# cacheNodes()

Returns the set of cache nodes registered with the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func cacheNodes() -> Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>

## Return Value

The set of cache nodes registered with the receiver.

## Discussion

You should modify this collection using `addCacheNodes(_:)`: and
`willRemoveCacheNodes(_:)`.

## See Also

### Utility Methods

`func cacheNode(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode?`

Returns the cache node for a given managed object ID.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference object for a given managed object ID.

Instance Method

# cacheNode(for:)

Returns the cache node for a given managed object ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func cacheNode(for objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode?

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

A managed object ID.

## Return Value

The cache node for `objectID`.

## Discussion

This method is normally used by cache nodes to locate related cache nodes (by
relationships).

## See Also

### Utility Methods

`func cacheNodes() -> Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>`

Returns the set of cache nodes registered with the receiver.

`func referenceObject(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any`

Returns the reference object for a given managed object ID.

Instance Method

# referenceObject(for:)

Returns the reference object for a given managed object ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func referenceObject(for objectID: NSManagedObjectID) -> Any

##  Parameters

`objectID`

    

A managed object ID.

## Return Value

The reference object for `objectID`.

## Discussion

Subclasses should invoke this method to extract the reference data from the
object ID for each cache node if the data is to be made persistent.

## See Also

### Utility Methods

`func cacheNodes() -> Set<NSAtomicStoreCacheNode>`

Returns the set of cache nodes registered with the receiver.

`func cacheNode(for: NSManagedObjectID) -> NSAtomicStoreCacheNode?`

Returns the cache node for a given managed object ID.



# NSPropertyDescription

Instance Property

# entity

The entity description of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var entity: NSEntityDescription { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

Instance Property

# isIndexed

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

iOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.5–10.13
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–11.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–4.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    var isIndexed: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver should be indexed for searching, otherwise `false`.
Object stores can optionally use this information upon store creation for
operations such as defining indexes.

### Special Considerations

Setting this property raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# isOptional

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isOptional: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is optional, otherwise `false`. The optionality flag
specifies whether a property’s value can be `nil` before an object can be
saved to a persistent store.

### Special Considerations

Setting this property raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# isTransient

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isTransient: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is transient, otherwise `false`. The transient flag
specifies whether or not a property’s value is ignored when an object is saved
to a persistent store. Transient properties are not saved to the persistent
store, but are still managed for undo, redo, validation, and so on.

### Special Considerations

Setting this property raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# name

The name of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String { get set }

## Discussion

A property name cannot be the same as any no-parameter method name of
`NSObject` or `NSManagedObject`. Since there are hundreds of methods on
`NSObject` which may conflict with property names, you should avoid very
general words (like "font”, and “color”) and words or phrases that overlap
with Cocoa paradigms (such as “isEditing” and “objectSpecifier”).

### Special Considerations

Setting the name raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been used by
an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the user info raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

Instance Property

# validationPredicates

The validation predicates of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var validationPredicates: [NSPredicate] { get }

## See Also

### Supporting Validation

`var validationWarnings: [Any]`

The error strings associated with the receiver’s validation predicates.

`func setValidationPredicates([NSPredicate]?, withValidationWarnings:
[String]?)`

Sets the validation predicates and warnings of the receiver.

Instance Property

# validationWarnings

The error strings associated with the receiver’s validation predicates.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var validationWarnings: [Any] { get }

## See Also

### Supporting Validation

`var validationPredicates: [NSPredicate]`

The validation predicates of the receiver.

`func setValidationPredicates([NSPredicate]?, withValidationWarnings:
[String]?)`

Sets the validation predicates and warnings of the receiver.

Instance Method

# setValidationPredicates(_:withValidationWarnings:)

Sets the validation predicates and warnings of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setValidationPredicates(
        _ validationPredicates: [NSPredicate]?,
        withValidationWarnings validationWarnings: [String]?
    )

##  Parameters

`validationPredicates`

    

An array containing the validation predicates for the receiver.

`validationWarnings`

    

An array containing the validation warnings for the receiver.

## Discussion

The `validationPredicates` and `validationWarnings` arrays should contain the
same number of elements, and corresponding elements should appear at the same
index in each array.

Instead of implementing individual validation methods, you can use this method
to provide a list of predicates that are evaluated against the managed objects
and a list of corresponding error messages (which can be localized).

### Special Considerations

This method raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been used by an
object graph manager.

## See Also

### Supporting Validation

`var validationPredicates: [NSPredicate]`

The validation predicates of the receiver.

`var validationWarnings: [Any]`

The error strings associated with the receiver’s validation predicates.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The version hash for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

The version hash is used to uniquely identify a property based on its
configuration. The version hash uses only values which affect the persistence
of data and the user-defined `versionHashModifier` value. (The values which
affect persistence are the name of the property, and the flags for
`isOptional`, `isTransient`, and `isReadOnly`.) This value is stored as part
of the version information in the metadata for stores, as well as a definition
of a property involved in an `NSPropertyMapping` object.

## See Also

### Supporting Versioning

`var versionHashModifier: String?`

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# versionHashModifier

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHashModifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This value is included in the version hash for the property. You use it to
mark or denote a property as being a different “version” than another even if
all of the values which affect persistence are equal. (Such a difference is
important in cases where the attributes of a property are unchanged but the
format or content of its data are changed.)

## See Also

### Supporting Versioning

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# renamingIdentifier

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var renamingIdentifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This is used to resolve naming conflicts between models. When creating an
entity mapping between entities in two managed object models, a source entity
property and a destination entity property that share the same identifier
indicate that a property mapping should be configured to migrate from the
source to the destination. If unset, the identifier will return the property's
name.

## See Also

### Supporting Versioning

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.

`var versionHashModifier: String?`

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# isIndexedBySpotlight

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data adds the property’s value to
the Core Spotlight index.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isIndexedBySpotlight: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

Important

If you set this property to `true` for a property description that describes a
relationship, you must override `attributeSet(for:)` in your Core Spotlight
delegate and return the necessary set of attributes. Core Data doesn’t
automatically infer indexable information for relationships.

You can also set this property using the Index in Spotlight attribute in the
Attributes inspector of the Core Data model editor.

## See Also

### Specifying Spotlight Support

`var isStoredInExternalRecord: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to write the property’s data in an
external record file that corresponds to the managed object.

Deprecated

Instance Property

# isStoredInExternalRecord

A Boolean value that indicates whether to write the property’s data in an
external record file that corresponds to the managed object.

iOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.6–10.13
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–11.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–4.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    var isStoredInExternalRecord: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the property data should be written out in an external record file
corresponding to the managed object, otherwise `false`. For additional
information, see Core Data Spotlight Integration Programming Guide.

### Special Considerations

This property has no effect on iOS.

## See Also

### Specifying Spotlight Support

`var isIndexedBySpotlight: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data adds the property’s value to
the Core Spotlight index.

Instance Property

# entity

The entity description of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var entity: NSEntityDescription { get }

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

`var properties: [NSPropertyDescription]`

An array containing the properties of the receiver.

Instance Property

# isIndexed

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

iOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.5–10.13
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–11.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–4.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    var isIndexed: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver should be indexed for searching, otherwise `false`.
Object stores can optionally use this information upon store creation for
operations such as defining indexes.

### Special Considerations

Setting this property raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# isOptional

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isOptional: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is optional, otherwise `false`. The optionality flag
specifies whether a property’s value can be `nil` before an object can be
saved to a persistent store.

### Special Considerations

Setting this property raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# isTransient

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isTransient: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is transient, otherwise `false`. The transient flag
specifies whether or not a property’s value is ignored when an object is saved
to a persistent store. Transient properties are not saved to the persistent
store, but are still managed for undo, redo, validation, and so on.

### Special Considerations

Setting this property raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# name

The name of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var name: String { get set }

## Discussion

A property name cannot be the same as any no-parameter method name of
`NSObject` or `NSManagedObject`. Since there are hundreds of methods on
`NSObject` which may conflict with property names, you should avoid very
general words (like "font”, and “color”) and words or phrases that overlap
with Cocoa paradigms (such as “isEditing” and “objectSpecifier”).

### Special Considerations

Setting the name raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been used by
an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

Instance Property

# userInfo

The user info dictionary of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var userInfo: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

Setting the user info raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been
used by an object graph manager.

## See Also

### Accessing Features of a Property

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the receiver.

`var isIndexed: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver should be indexed for
searching.

Deprecated

`var isOptional: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is optional.

`var isTransient: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the receiver is transient.

`var name: String`

The name of the receiver.

Instance Property

# validationPredicates

The validation predicates of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var validationPredicates: [NSPredicate] { get }

## See Also

### Supporting Validation

`var validationWarnings: [Any]`

The error strings associated with the receiver’s validation predicates.

`func setValidationPredicates([NSPredicate]?, withValidationWarnings:
[String]?)`

Sets the validation predicates and warnings of the receiver.

Instance Property

# validationWarnings

The error strings associated with the receiver’s validation predicates.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var validationWarnings: [Any] { get }

## See Also

### Supporting Validation

`var validationPredicates: [NSPredicate]`

The validation predicates of the receiver.

`func setValidationPredicates([NSPredicate]?, withValidationWarnings:
[String]?)`

Sets the validation predicates and warnings of the receiver.

Instance Method

# setValidationPredicates(_:withValidationWarnings:)

Sets the validation predicates and warnings of the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setValidationPredicates(
        _ validationPredicates: [NSPredicate]?,
        withValidationWarnings validationWarnings: [String]?
    )

##  Parameters

`validationPredicates`

    

An array containing the validation predicates for the receiver.

`validationWarnings`

    

An array containing the validation warnings for the receiver.

## Discussion

The `validationPredicates` and `validationWarnings` arrays should contain the
same number of elements, and corresponding elements should appear at the same
index in each array.

Instead of implementing individual validation methods, you can use this method
to provide a list of predicates that are evaluated against the managed objects
and a list of corresponding error messages (which can be localized).

### Special Considerations

This method raises an exception if the receiver’s model has been used by an
object graph manager.

## See Also

### Supporting Validation

`var validationPredicates: [NSPredicate]`

The validation predicates of the receiver.

`var validationWarnings: [Any]`

The error strings associated with the receiver’s validation predicates.

Instance Property

# versionHash

The version hash for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHash: Data { get }

## Discussion

The version hash is used to uniquely identify a property based on its
configuration. The version hash uses only values which affect the persistence
of data and the user-defined `versionHashModifier` value. (The values which
affect persistence are the name of the property, and the flags for
`isOptional`, `isTransient`, and `isReadOnly`.) This value is stored as part
of the version information in the metadata for stores, as well as a definition
of a property involved in an `NSPropertyMapping` object.

## See Also

### Supporting Versioning

`var versionHashModifier: String?`

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# versionHashModifier

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionHashModifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This value is included in the version hash for the property. You use it to
mark or denote a property as being a different “version” than another even if
all of the values which affect persistence are equal. (Such a difference is
important in cases where the attributes of a property are unchanged but the
format or content of its data are changed.)

## See Also

### Supporting Versioning

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.

`var renamingIdentifier: String?`

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# renamingIdentifier

The renaming identifier for the receiver.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var renamingIdentifier: String? { get set }

## Discussion

This is used to resolve naming conflicts between models. When creating an
entity mapping between entities in two managed object models, a source entity
property and a destination entity property that share the same identifier
indicate that a property mapping should be configured to migrate from the
source to the destination. If unset, the identifier will return the property's
name.

## See Also

### Supporting Versioning

`var versionHash: Data`

The version hash for the receiver.

`var versionHashModifier: String?`

The version hash modifier for the receiver.

Instance Property

# isIndexedBySpotlight

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data adds the property’s value to
the Core Spotlight index.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isIndexedBySpotlight: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

Important

If you set this property to `true` for a property description that describes a
relationship, you must override `attributeSet(for:)` in your Core Spotlight
delegate and return the necessary set of attributes. Core Data doesn’t
automatically infer indexable information for relationships.

You can also set this property using the Index in Spotlight attribute in the
Attributes inspector of the Core Data model editor.

## See Also

### Specifying Spotlight Support

`var isStoredInExternalRecord: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to write the property’s data in an
external record file that corresponds to the managed object.

Deprecated

Instance Property

# isStoredInExternalRecord

A Boolean value that indicates whether to write the property’s data in an
external record file that corresponds to the managed object.

iOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–11.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.6–10.13
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–11.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–4.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    var isStoredInExternalRecord: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

`true` if the property data should be written out in an external record file
corresponding to the managed object, otherwise `false`. For additional
information, see Core Data Spotlight Integration Programming Guide.

### Special Considerations

This property has no effect on iOS.

## See Also

### Specifying Spotlight Support

`var isIndexedBySpotlight: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data adds the property’s value to
the Core Spotlight index.



# Persistent Store Types

Global Variable

# NSSQLiteStoreType

The SQLite database store type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSSQLiteStoreType: String

Global Variable

# NSXMLStoreType

The XML store type.

macOS 10.4+

    
    
    let NSXMLStoreType: String

Global Variable

# NSBinaryStoreType

The binary store type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSBinaryStoreType: String

Global Variable

# NSInMemoryStoreType

The in-memory store type.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSInMemoryStoreType: String



# NSQueryGenerationToken

Type Property

# current

A token that informs a context to use the current generation.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var current: NSQueryGenerationToken { get }



# NSManagedObjectModelReference

Initializer

# init(model:versionChecksum:)

Creates an object model reference for the specified model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        model: NSManagedObjectModel,
        versionChecksum: String
    )

##  Parameters

`model`

    

The managed object model.

`versionChecksum`

    

The checksum of the object model’s version.

## Discussion

To determine an object model’s version checksum, use its `versionChecksum`
property. Alternatively, you can find the checksum in the versioned model’s
`VersionInfo.plist` file or in Xcode’s build log.

## See Also

### Creating a reference

`init(fileURL: URL, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the model at the specified file URL.

`init(name: String, in: Bundle?, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the named model in the specified bundle.

`init(entityVersionHashes: [AnyHashable : Any], in: Bundle?, versionChecksum:
String)`

Creates an object model reference with the entities corresponding to the
specified entity version hashes.

Initializer

# init(fileURL:versionChecksum:)

Creates an object model reference for the model at the specified file URL.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        fileURL: URL,
        versionChecksum: String
    )

##  Parameters

`fileURL`

    

The on-disk location of the managed object model.

`versionChecksum`

    

The checksum of the object model’s version.

## Discussion

To determine an object model’s version checksum, use its `versionChecksum`
property. Alternatively, you can find the checksum in the versioned model’s
`VersionInfo.plist` file or in Xcode’s build log.

## See Also

### Creating a reference

`init(model: NSManagedObjectModel, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the specified model.

`init(name: String, in: Bundle?, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the named model in the specified bundle.

`init(entityVersionHashes: [AnyHashable : Any], in: Bundle?, versionChecksum:
String)`

Creates an object model reference with the entities corresponding to the
specified entity version hashes.

Initializer

# init(name:in:versionChecksum:)

Creates an object model reference for the named model in the specified bundle.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        name modelName: String,
        in bundle: Bundle?,
        versionChecksum: String
    )

##  Parameters

`modelName`

    

The name of the managed object model in the specified bundle.

`bundle`

    

The bundle to search.

`versionChecksum`

    

The checksum of the object model’s version.

## Discussion

To determine an object model’s version checksum, use its `versionChecksum`
property. Alternatively, you can find the checksum in the versioned model’s
`VersionInfo.plist` file or in Xcode’s build log.

## See Also

### Creating a reference

`init(model: NSManagedObjectModel, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the specified model.

`init(fileURL: URL, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the model at the specified file URL.

`init(entityVersionHashes: [AnyHashable : Any], in: Bundle?, versionChecksum:
String)`

Creates an object model reference with the entities corresponding to the
specified entity version hashes.

Initializer

# init(entityVersionHashes:in:versionChecksum:)

Creates an object model reference with the entities corresponding to the
specified entity version hashes.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        entityVersionHashes versionHash: [AnyHashable : Any],
        in bundle: Bundle?,
        versionChecksum: String
    )

##  Parameters

`versionHash`

    

The dictionary of entity names and their corresponding version hashes.

`bundle`

    

The bundle to search.

`versionChecksum`

    

The checksum of the object model’s version.

## Discussion

To determine an object model’s version checksum, use its `versionChecksum`
property. Alternatively, you can find the checksum in the versioned model’s
`VersionInfo.plist` file or in Xcode’s build log.

## See Also

### Creating a reference

`init(model: NSManagedObjectModel, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the specified model.

`init(fileURL: URL, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the model at the specified file URL.

`init(name: String, in: Bundle?, versionChecksum: String)`

Creates an object model reference for the named model in the specified bundle.

Instance Property

# resolvedModel

The resolved object model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resolvedModel: NSManagedObjectModel { get }

## See Also

### Resolving the model object

`var versionChecksum: String`

The version checksum of the resolved model.

Instance Property

# versionChecksum

The version checksum of the resolved model.

iOS 17.0+  iPadOS 17.0+  macOS 14.0+  Mac Catalyst 17.0+  tvOS 17.0+  watchOS
10.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var versionChecksum: String { get }

## See Also

### Resolving the model object

`var resolvedModel: NSManagedObjectModel`

The resolved object model.



# NSAsynchronousFetchRequest

Initializer

# init(fetchRequest:completionBlock:)

Initializes a new asynchronous fetch request configured with the provided
fetch request and completion block.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        fetchRequest request: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>,
        completionBlock blk: ((NSAsynchronousFetchResult<ResultType>) -> Void)? = nil
    )

Instance Property

# completionBlock

The block that is executed when the fetch request has completed.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var completionBlock: NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousFetchResultCompletionBlock? { get }

## See Also

### Preparing a Request

`var estimatedResultCount: Int`

A configuration parameter that assists Core Data with scheduling the
asynchronous fetch request.

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The underlying fetch request that is executed asynchronously.

Instance Property

# estimatedResultCount

A configuration parameter that assists Core Data with scheduling the
asynchronous fetch request.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var estimatedResultCount: Int { get set }

## See Also

### Preparing a Request

`var completionBlock:
NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousFetchResultCompletionBlock?`

The block that is executed when the fetch request has completed.

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType>`

The underlying fetch request that is executed asynchronously.

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The underlying fetch request that is executed asynchronously.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<ResultType> { get }

## See Also

### Preparing a Request

`var completionBlock:
NSPersistentStoreAsynchronousFetchResultCompletionBlock?`

The block that is executed when the fetch request has completed.

`var estimatedResultCount: Int`

A configuration parameter that assists Core Data with scheduling the
asynchronous fetch request.



# NSPersistentHistoryTransaction

Instance Method

# objectIDNotification()

Obtains a notification for use in merging the transaction’s changes into a
managed object context.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func objectIDNotification() -> Notification

## Return Value

An `NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDsNotification` notification.

## Discussion

To merge the relevant changes into your view context, first obtain a
notification by calling `objectIDNotification()` on the transaction. Then,
pass the notification to `mergeChanges(fromContextDidSave:)`.

Type Property

# fetchRequest

A fetch request that has the persistent history transaction as the entity.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>? { get }

## See Also

### Customizing History Fetch Requests

`class var entityDescription: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description of the persistent history transaction entity.

`class func entityDescription(with: NSManagedObjectContext) ->
NSEntityDescription?`

Requests an entity description using the provided context for the managed
object type affected by the transaction.

Type Property

# entityDescription

The entity description of the persistent history transaction entity.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var entityDescription: NSEntityDescription? { get }

## Discussion

The entity description of `NSPersistentHistoryTransaction` lists the
properties of the persistent history change. This can be useful for filtering
your request.

## See Also

### Customizing History Fetch Requests

`class var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

A fetch request that has the persistent history transaction as the entity.

`class func entityDescription(with: NSManagedObjectContext) ->
NSEntityDescription?`

Requests an entity description using the provided context for the managed
object type affected by the transaction.

Type Method

# entityDescription(with:)

Requests an entity description using the provided context for the managed
object type affected by the transaction.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func entityDescription(with context: NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSEntityDescription?

##  Parameters

`context`

    

The managed object context for this request.

## Return Value

The entity description (`NSEntityDescription`) of the persistent history
transaction entity.

## See Also

### Customizing History Fetch Requests

`class var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

A fetch request that has the persistent history transaction as the entity.

`class var entityDescription: NSEntityDescription?`

The entity description of the persistent history transaction entity.

Instance Property

# author

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var author: String? { get }

## Discussion

This property has a value if the managed object context set a
`transactionAuthor` before the save.

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# bundleID

The originating bundle’s identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var bundleID: String { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# changes

The array of persistent history changes.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# contextName

The originating context’s name.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var contextName: String? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# processID

The originating process’s identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var processID: String { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# storeID

The originating store’s identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var storeID: String { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# timestamp

The date of the persistent history change.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var timestamp: Date { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# token

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var transactionNumber: Int64`

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

Instance Property

# transactionNumber

The transaction’s numeric identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var transactionNumber: Int64 { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting Transaction Details

`var author: String?`

A granular description of the context that made the persistent history change,
if available.

`var bundleID: String`

The originating bundle’s identifier.

`var changes: [NSPersistentHistoryChange]?`

The array of persistent history changes.

`var contextName: String?`

The originating context’s name.

`var processID: String`

The originating process’s identifier.

`var storeID: String`

The originating store’s identifier.

`var timestamp: Date`

The date of the persistent history change.

`var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken`

The token that represents this transaction in the persistent history.



# NSSaveChangesRequest

Initializer

# init(inserted:updated:deleted:locked:)

Initializes a save changes request with collections of given changes.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        inserted insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?,
        updated updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?,
        deleted deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?,
        locked lockedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?
    )

##  Parameters

`insertedObjects`

    

Objects that were inserted into the calling context.

`updatedObjects`

    

Objects that were updated in the calling context.

`deletedObjects`

    

Objects that were deleted in the calling context.

`lockedObjects`

    

Objects that were flagged for optimistic locking on the calling context.

## Return Value

A save changes request initialized with the given changes.

Instance Property

# insertedObjects

The objects that were inserted into the calling context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>? { get }

## See Also

### Getting Information about a Request

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were modified in the calling context.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were deleted in the calling context.

`var lockedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were flagged for optimistic locking on the calling context.

Instance Property

# updatedObjects

The objects that were modified in the calling context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>? { get }

## See Also

### Getting Information about a Request

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were inserted into the calling context.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were deleted in the calling context.

`var lockedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were flagged for optimistic locking on the calling context.

Instance Property

# deletedObjects

The objects that were deleted in the calling context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>? { get }

## See Also

### Getting Information about a Request

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were inserted into the calling context.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were modified in the calling context.

`var lockedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were flagged for optimistic locking on the calling context.

Instance Property

# lockedObjects

The objects that were flagged for optimistic locking on the calling context.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var lockedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>? { get }

## Discussion

Objects are flagged for optimistic locking with `detectConflicts(for:)`.

## See Also

### Getting Information about a Request

`var insertedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were inserted into the calling context.

`var updatedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were modified in the calling context.

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>?`

The objects that were deleted in the calling context.



# Deprecated symbols

Global Variable

# NSXMLExternalRecordType

Specifies an XML file format.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSXMLExternalRecordType: String

## See Also

### Deprecated constants

`let NSBinaryExternalRecordType: String`

Specifies a binary file format

Deprecated

Global Variable

# NSBinaryExternalRecordType

Specifies a binary file format

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    let NSBinaryExternalRecordType: String

## See Also

### Deprecated constants

`let NSXMLExternalRecordType: String`

Specifies an XML file format.

Deprecated

Type Property

# NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges

Posted after records are imported from the ubiquitous content store.

iOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.7–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    static let NSPersistentStoreDidImportUbiquitousContentChanges: NSNotification.Name

## Discussion

The notification’s `object` is set to the `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator`
instance which registered the store. The notification’s `userInfo` dictionary
contains the same keys as the `NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange`
notification (`NSInsertedObjectsKey`,
`NSUpdatedObjectsKey``NSDeletedObjectsKey`), however the values are sets of
`NSManagedObjectID` objects rather than sets of `NSManagedObject` objects.

## See Also

### Core Data

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context completed a save.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextWillSave: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that the context is about to save.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts after a coordinator changes its registered stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorStoresWillChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before the coordinator changes its registered
stores.

`static let NSPersistentStoreCoordinatorWillRemoveStore: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts before a coordinator removes a store.

`static let NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegateIndexDidUpdate:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidMergeChangesObjectIDs:
NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSManagedObjectContextDidSaveObjectIDs: NSNotification.Name`

`static let NSPersistentStoreRemoteChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification that posts for all cross-process writes to a persistent store.

Type Method

# elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt:)

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt fileURL: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]

##  Parameters

`fileURL`

    

A file URL specifying the location of a Spotlight external record file.

## Return Value

A dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight support
file specified by `fileURL`.

## Discussion

Dictionary keys and the corresponding values are described in Spotlight record
keys.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

Type Method

# metadataForPersistentStore(with:)

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

macOS 10.4–10.5  Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated

    
    
    class func metadataForPersistentStore(with url: URL) throws -> [AnyHashable : Any]

Deprecated

Use `metadataForPersistentStore(ofType:at:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`url`

    

An URL object that specifies the location of a persistent store.

`error`

    

If no store is found at `url` or if there is a problem accessing its contents,
upon return contains an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

A dictionary containing the metadata for the persistent store at `url`. If no
store is found, or there is a problem accessing its contents, returns `nil`.

The keys guaranteed to be in this dictionary are `NSStoreTypeKey` and
`NSStoreUUIDKey`.

## Discussion

This method allows you to access the metadata in a persistent store without
initializing a Core Data stack.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

### Related Documentation

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

Type Method

# metadataForPersistentStore(ofType:at:)

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

iOS 3.0–9.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–9.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.5–10.11
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–9.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–2.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    class func metadataForPersistentStore(
        ofType storeType: String?,
        at url: URL
    ) throws -> [String : Any]

##  Parameters

`storeType`

    

The type of the store at `url`. If this value is `nil`, Core Data determines
which store class should be used to get or set the store file's metadata by
inspecting the file contents.

`url`

    

The location of a persistent store.

`error`

    

If no store is found at `url` or if there is a problem accessing its contents,
upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes the problem.

## Return Value

A dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at `url`,
or `nil` if the store cannot be opened or if there is a problem accessing its
contents.

The keys guaranteed to be in this dictionary are `NSStoreTypeKey` and
`NSStoreUUIDKey`.

## Discussion

You can use this method to retrieve the metadata from a store without the
overhead of creating a Core Data stack.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

### Related Documentation

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

Type Method

# metadataForPersistentStore(ofType:at:options:)

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func metadataForPersistentStore(
        ofType storeType: String,
        at url: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws -> [String : Any]

Deprecated

Use `metadataForPersistentStore(type:at:options:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`storeType`

    

The type of the store. If `nil`, Core Data automatically attempts to determine
the store class to use.

`url`

    

The file URL of the store.

`options`

    

A dictionary that contains options for the store.

## Return Value

A dictionary that contains, at a minimum, values for the `NSStoreTypeKey` and
`NSStoreUUIDKey` keys.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

Type Method

# registerStoreClass(_:forStoreType:)

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func registerStoreClass(
        _ storeClass: AnyClass?,
        forStoreType storeType: String
    )

Deprecated

Use `registerStoreClass(_:type:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`storeClass`

    

The `NSPersistentStore` subclass to use for the store of type `storeType`.

`storeType`

    

A unique string that identifies a store type.

## Discussion

You must invoke this method before a custom subclass of `NSPersistentStore`
can be loaded into a persistent store coordinator.

You can pass `nil` for `storeClass` to unregister the store type.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

Type Method

# removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at:options:)

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

iOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 5.0–10.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.7–10.12
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(
        at storeURL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`storeURL`

    

The URL of the store to delete.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing the options normally passed to
`addPersistentStore(ofType:configurationName:at:options:)`.

`error`

    

If the operation fails, upon return contains an `NSError` object that
describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the store was deleted, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

Errors may be returned as a result of file I/O, iCloud network or iCloud
account issues.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

Type Method

# setMetadata(_:forPersistentStoreOfType:at:)

Sets the metadata for a given store.

iOS 3.0–9.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–9.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.5–10.11
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–9.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–2.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    class func setMetadata(
        _ metadata: [String : Any]?,
        forPersistentStoreOfType storeType: String?,
        at url: URL
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`metadata`

    

A dictionary containing metadata for the store.

`storeType`

    

The type of the store at `url`. If this value is `nil`, Core Data will
determine which store class should be used to get or set the store file's
metadata by inspecting the file contents.

`url`

    

The location of a persistent store.

`error`

    

If no store is found at `url` or if there is a problem setting its metadata,
upon return contains an `NSError` object that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the metadata was set correctly, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

You can use this method to set the metadata for a store without the overhead
of creating a Core Data stack.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String, at:
URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

### Related Documentation

`func setMetadata([String : Any]?, for: NSPersistentStore)`

Updates the metadata for the specified persistent store.

`func metadata(for: NSPersistentStore) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of the specified persistent store.

Type Method

# setMetadata(_:forPersistentStoreOfType:at:options:)

Updates the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func setMetadata(
        _ metadata: [String : Any]?,
        forPersistentStoreOfType storeType: String,
        at url: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

Deprecated

Use `setMetadata(_:type:at:options:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`metadata`

    

A dictionary that contains the metadata to store.

`storeType`

    

The type of store. If `nil`, Core Data automatically attempts to determine the
store class to use.

`url`

    

The file URL of the store.

`options`

    

A dictionary that contains options for the store.

## See Also

### Deprecated type methods

`class func elementsDerived(fromExternalRecordAt: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the parsed elements derived from the Spotlight
external record file that is specified by the given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(with: URL) -> [AnyHashable : Any]`

Returns a dictionary that contains the metadata stored in the persistent store
at the specified location.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String?, at: URL) -> [String :
Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the metadata stored in the persistent store at
a given URL.

Deprecated

`class func metadataForPersistentStore(ofType: String, at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns the metadata of a specific type of persistent store at the provided
location.

`class func registerStoreClass(AnyClass?, forStoreType: String)`

Registers a persistent store subclass using the specified store type
identifier.

`class func removeUbiquitousContentAndPersistentStore(at: URL, options:
[AnyHashable : Any]?)`

Deletes all ubiquitous content for all peers for the persistent store at a
given URL and also delete the local store file.

Deprecated

`class func setMetadata([String : Any]?, forPersistentStoreOfType: String?,
at: URL)`

Sets the metadata for a given store.

Deprecated

Instance Method

# addPersistentStore(ofType:configurationName:at:options:)

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func addPersistentStore(
        ofType storeType: String,
        configurationName configuration: String?,
        at storeURL: URL?,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws -> NSPersistentStore

Deprecated

Use `addPersistentStore(type:configuration:at:options:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`storeType`

    

A string constant (such as `NSSQLiteStoreType`) that specifies the store
type—see Persistent Store Types for possible values.

`configuration`

    

The name of a configuration in the receiver's managed object model that will
be used by the new store. The configuration can be `nil`, in which case no
other configurations are allowed.

`storeURL`

    

The file location of the persistent store.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify whether the store should
be read-only, and whether (for an XML store) the XML file should be validated
against the DTD before it is read. For key definitions, see Store options and
Migration options. This value may be `nil`.

`error`

    

If a new store cannot be created, upon return contains an instance of
`NSError` that describes the problem

## Return Value

The newly created store or, if an error occurs, `nil`.

## Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

### Related Documentation

`func remove(NSPersistentStore)`

Removes the specified persistent store from the coordinator.

Instance Method

# destroyPersistentStore(at:ofType:options:)

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func destroyPersistentStore(
        at url: URL,
        ofType storeType: String,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

Deprecated

Use `destroyPersistentStore(at:type:options:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`url`

    

The store’s location.

`storeType`

    

The store type. For possible values, see `NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify store behavior and
characteristics. For more information, see Store options.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Instance Method

#
importStore(withIdentifier:fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:to:options:ofType:)

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

macOS 10.6–10.13  Deprecated

    
    
    func importStore(
        withIdentifier storeIdentifier: String?,
        fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt externalRecordsURL: URL,
        to destinationURL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        ofType storeType: String
    ) throws -> NSPersistentStore

##  Parameters

`storeIdentifier`

    

The identifier for a store.

If this value is `nil` then the method imports the records for the first store
found.

`externalRecordsURL`

    

The location of the directory containing external records.

`destinationURL`

    

An URL object that specifies the location for the new store.

There should be no existing store at this location, as the store will be
created from scratch (appending to an existing store is not allowed).

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify whether the store should
be read-only, and whether (for an XML store) the XML file should be validated
against the DTD before it is read. For key definitions, see Store options.

`storeType`

    

A string constant (such as `NSSQLiteStoreType`) that specifies the type of the
new store—see Persistent Store Types.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an instance of `NSError` that
describes the problem.

## Return Value

An object representing the newly-created store.

## Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

### Related Documentation

`func remove(NSPersistentStore)`

Removes the specified persistent store from the coordinator.

Instance Method

# lock()

Attempts to acquire a lock.

iOS 3.0–8.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–8.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.4–10.10
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    func lock()

## Discussion

This method blocks a thread’s execution until the lock can be acquired. An
application protects a critical section of code by requiring a thread to
acquire a lock before executing the code. Once the critical section is past,
the thread relinquishes the lock by invoking unlock.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Instance Method

# migratePersistentStore(_:to:options:withType:)

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func migratePersistentStore(
        _ store: NSPersistentStore,
        to URL: URL,
        options: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        withType storeType: String
    ) throws -> NSPersistentStore

Deprecated

Use `migratePersistentStore(_:to:options:type:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`store`

    

A persistent store.

`URL`

    

An URL object that specifies the location for the new store.

`options`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify whether the store should
be read-only, and whether (for an XML store) the XML file should be validated
against the DTD before it is read. For key definitions, see Store options.

`storeType`

    

A string constant (such as `NSSQLiteStoreType`) that specifies the type of the
new store—see Persistent Store Types.

`error`

    

If an error occurs, upon return contains an instance of `NSError` that
describes the problem.

## Return Value

If the migration is successful, the new store, otherwise `nil`.

## Discussion

This method is typically used for “Save As” operations. Performance may vary
depending on the type of old and new store. For more details of the action of
this method, see Persistent Store Features in Core Data Programming Guide.

Important

After invocation of this method, the specified store is removed from the
coordinator thus `store` is no longer a useful reference.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns a nonoptional result and is marked with the
`throws` keyword to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

### Related Documentation

`func remove(NSPersistentStore)`

Removes the specified persistent store from the coordinator.

Instance Method

#
replacePersistentStore(at:destinationOptions:withPersistentStoreFrom:sourceOptions:ofType:)

Replaces one persistent store with another.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func replacePersistentStore(
        at destinationURL: URL,
        destinationOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        withPersistentStoreFrom sourceURL: URL,
        sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        ofType storeType: String
    ) throws

Deprecated

Use
`replacePersistentStore(at:destinationOptions:withPersistentStoreFrom:sourceOptions:type:)`
instead.

##  Parameters

`destinationURL`

    

The location of the store to replace.

`destinationOptions`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify the behavior and
characteristics of the store to replace. For more information, see Store
options.

`sourceURL`

    

The location of the store to use as the replacement.

`sourceOptions`

    

A dictionary containing key-value pairs that specify the behavior and
characteristics of the replacement store. For more information, see Store
options.

`storeType`

    

The store type of the replacement store. For possible values, see
`NSPersistentStore.StoreType`.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Instance Method

# tryLock()

Attempts to acquire a lock.

iOS 3.0–8.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–8.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.4–10.10
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    func tryLock() -> Bool

## Return Value

`true` if successful, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

Returns immediately—contrast `lock()` which blocks.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Instance Method

# unlock()

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

iOS 3.0–8.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–8.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.4–10.10
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    func unlock()

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Instance Method

# perform(_:)

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func perform(_ block: @escaping () -> Void)

Deprecated

Use `perform(_:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to execute.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func performAndWait(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

Instance Method

# performAndWait(_:)

Executes the provided closure on the coordinator’s queue and waits for it to
finish.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func performAndWait(_ block: () -> Void)

Deprecated

Use `performAndWait(_:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`block`

    

The closure to execute.

## See Also

### Deprecated instance methods

`func addPersistentStore(ofType: String, configurationName: String?, at: URL?,
options: [AnyHashable : Any]?) -> NSPersistentStore`

Adds a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func destroyPersistentStore(at: URL, ofType: String, options: [AnyHashable :
Any]?)`

Deletes a specific type of persistent store at the provided location.

`func importStore(withIdentifier: String?, fromExternalRecordsDirectoryAt:
URL, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable : Any]?, ofType: String) ->
NSPersistentStore`

Creates and populates a store with the external records found at a given URL.

Deprecated

`func lock()`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func migratePersistentStore(NSPersistentStore, to: URL, options: [AnyHashable
: Any]?, withType: String) -> NSPersistentStore`

Changes the location and, if necessary, the store type of the specified
persistent store.

`func replacePersistentStore(at: URL, destinationOptions: [AnyHashable :
Any]?, withPersistentStoreFrom: URL, sourceOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
ofType: String)`

Replaces one persistent store with another.

`func tryLock() -> Bool`

Attempts to acquire a lock.

Deprecated

`func unlock()`

Relinquishes a previously acquired lock.

Deprecated

`func perform(() -> Void)`

Executes the provided closure asynchronously on the coordinator’s queue.

Instance Property

# expressionResultType

The attribute type of the expression’s result.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var expressionResultType: NSAttributeType { get set }

Deprecated

Use `resultType` instead.

Instance Method

#
migrateStore(from:sourceType:options:with:toDestinationURL:destinationType:destinationOptions:)

Migrates the store at a given source URL to the store at a given destination
URL, performing all of the mappings specified in a given mapping model.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func migrateStore(
        from sourceURL: URL,
        sourceType sStoreType: String,
        options sOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil,
        with mappings: NSMappingModel?,
        toDestinationURL dURL: URL,
        destinationType dStoreType: String,
        destinationOptions dOptions: [AnyHashable : Any]? = nil
    ) throws

Deprecated

Use `migrateStore(from:type:options:mapping:to:type:options:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`sourceURL`

    

The location of an existing persistent store. A store must exist at this URL.

`sStoreType`

    

The type of store at `sourceURL` (see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` for
possible values).

`sOptions`

    

A dictionary of options for the source (see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` for
possible values).

`mappings`

    

The mapping model to use to effect the migration.

`dURL`

    

The location of the destination store.

`dStoreType`

    

The type of store at `dURL` (see `NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` for possible
values).

`dOptions`

    

A dictionary of options for the destination (see
`NSPersistentStoreCoordinator` for possible values).

`error`

    

If an error occurs during the validation or migration, upon return contains an
`NSError` object that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the migration proceeds without errors during the compatibility
checks or migration, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method performs compatibility checks on the source and destination models
and the mapping model.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

### Special Considerations

If a store does not exist at the destination URL (`dURL`), one is created;
otherwise, the migration appends to the existing store.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

`func cancelMigrationWithError(any Error)`

Cancels the migration with a given error.



# NSAtomicStoreCacheNode

Initializer

# init(objectID:)

Returns a cache node for the given managed object ID.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(objectID moid: NSManagedObjectID)

##  Parameters

`moid`

    

A managed object ID.

## Return Value

A cache node for the given managed object ID, or `nil` if the node could not
be initialized.

## See Also

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

Instance Property

# objectID

The managed object ID of the node.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objectID: NSManagedObjectID { get }

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var propertyCache: NSMutableDictionary?`

The property cache dictionary of the node.

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for a given key.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value for the given key.

Instance Property

# propertyCache

The property cache dictionary of the node.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertyCache: NSMutableDictionary? { get set }

## Discussion

This dictionary is used by `value(forKey:)` and `setValue(_:forKey:)` for
property values. This property is `nil` unless it has been explicitly set or
non-`nil` values have been set for keys using `setValue(_:forKey:)`.

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The managed object ID of the node.

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for a given key.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value for the given key.

Instance Method

# value(forKey:)

Returns the value for a given key.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func value(forKey key: String) -> Any?

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of a property.

## Return Value

The value for the property named `key`. For an attribute, the return value is
an instance of an attribute type supported by Core Data (see
`NSAttributeDescription`); for a to-one relationship, the return value must be
another cache node instance; for a to-many relationship, the return value must
be an collection of the related cache nodes.

## Discussion

The default implementation forwards the request to the `propertyCache`
dictionary if `key` matches a property name of the entity for the cache node.
If `key` does not represent a property, the standard `value(forKey:)`
implementation is used.

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The managed object ID of the node.

`var propertyCache: NSMutableDictionary?`

The property cache dictionary of the node.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value for the given key.

Instance Method

# setValue(_:forKey:)

Sets the value for the given key.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setValue(
        _ value: Any?,
        forKey key: String
    )

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The value for the property identified by `key`.

`key`

    

The name of a property.

## Discussion

The default implementation forwards the request to the `propertyCache`
dictionary if `key` matches a property name of the entity for this cache node.
If `key` does not represent a property, the standard `setValue(_:forKey:)`
implementation is used.

## See Also

### Managing Node Data

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The managed object ID of the node.

`var propertyCache: NSMutableDictionary?`

The property cache dictionary of the node.

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for a given key.



# NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest

Instance Property

# fetchRequest

The specified fetch request, when retrieving history.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring the Request

`var resultType: NSPersistentHistoryResultType`

The type of result that this request returns.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that this request returns.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSPersistentHistoryResultType { get set }

## Discussion

This value defaults to `NSPersistentHistoryResultType.transactionsAndChanges`.

## See Also

### Configuring the Request

`var fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>?`

The specified fetch request, when retrieving history.

Instance Property

# token

The specified token, when retrieving history defined by a token.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var token: NSPersistentHistoryToken? { get }

Type Method

# fetchHistory(after:)

Retrieves history since a given date.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchHistory(after date: Date) -> Self

##  Parameters

`date`

    

The date used to define the start of the fetch history.

## Return Value

A persistent history fetch request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) with
an initial date boundary.

## See Also

### Fetching History

`class func fetchHistory(after: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self`

Retrieves the request history after a given token.

`class func fetchHistory(after: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self`

Retrieves history since a given transaction.

`class func fetchHistory(withFetch: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>)
-> Self`

Retrieves history based on a fetch request.

Type Method

# fetchHistory(after:)

Retrieves the request history after a given token.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchHistory(after token: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self

##  Parameters

`token`

    

The bookmark that defines the start of the request history.

## Return Value

A persistent history fetch request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) with
an initial token bookmark boundary.

## See Also

### Fetching History

`class func fetchHistory(after: Date) -> Self`

Retrieves history since a given date.

`class func fetchHistory(after: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self`

Retrieves history since a given transaction.

`class func fetchHistory(withFetch: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>)
-> Self`

Retrieves history based on a fetch request.

Type Method

# fetchHistory(after:)

Retrieves history since a given transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchHistory(after transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self

##  Parameters

`transaction`

    

The transaction that marks the beginning of the history request.

## Return Value

A persistent history fetch request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) with
an initial transaction boundary.

## See Also

### Fetching History

`class func fetchHistory(after: Date) -> Self`

Retrieves history since a given date.

`class func fetchHistory(after: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self`

Retrieves the request history after a given token.

`class func fetchHistory(withFetch: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>)
-> Self`

Retrieves history based on a fetch request.

Type Method

# fetchHistory(withFetch:)

Retrieves history based on a fetch request.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func fetchHistory(withFetch fetchRequest: NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>) -> Self

##  Parameters

`fetchRequest`

    

The fetch request that defines the history bounds.

## Return Value

A persistent history fetch request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) built
using an existing fetch request.

## See Also

### Fetching History

`class func fetchHistory(after: Date) -> Self`

Retrieves history since a given date.

`class func fetchHistory(after: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self`

Retrieves the request history after a given token.

`class func fetchHistory(after: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self`

Retrieves history since a given transaction.

Type Method

# deleteHistory(before:)

Purges history older than a given date.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func deleteHistory(before date: Date) -> Self

##  Parameters

`date`

    

The date used to define the end of the delete history request.

## Return Value

A delete history change request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) using an
end date boundary.

## See Also

### Purging History

`class func deleteHistory(before: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self`

Purges history older than that defined by a given token.

`class func deleteHistory(before: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self`

Purges history older than a given transaction.

Type Method

# deleteHistory(before:)

Purges history older than that defined by a given token.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func deleteHistory(before token: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self

##  Parameters

`token`

    

The bookmark that marks the end of the delete history request.

## Return Value

A delete history change request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) using an
end token bookmark boundary.

## See Also

### Purging History

`class func deleteHistory(before: Date) -> Self`

Purges history older than a given date.

`class func deleteHistory(before: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self`

Purges history older than a given transaction.

Type Method

# deleteHistory(before:)

Purges history older than a given transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func deleteHistory(before transaction: NSPersistentHistoryTransaction?) -> Self

##  Parameters

`transaction`

    

The transaction that marks the end of the delete history request.

## Return Value

A delete history change request (`NSPersistentHistoryChangeRequest`) using an
end transaction boundary.

## See Also

### Purging History

`class func deleteHistory(before: Date) -> Self`

Purges history older than a given date.

`class func deleteHistory(before: NSPersistentHistoryToken?) -> Self`

Purges history older than that defined by a given token.



# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.deletedObjectIDs

A key for the set of deleted object identifiers.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case deletedObjectIDs

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.deletedObjects

A key for the context’s set of deleted objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case deletedObjects

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.insertedObjectIDs

A key for the set of inserted object identifiers.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case insertedObjectIDs

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.insertedObjects

A key for the context’s set of inserted objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case insertedObjects

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.invalidatedAllObjects

A key for the context’s set of all invalidated objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case invalidatedAllObjects

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.invalidatedObjectIDs

A key for the set of invalidated object identifiers.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case invalidatedObjectIDs

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.invalidatedObjects

A key for the context’s set of invalidated objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case invalidatedObjects

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.queryGeneration

A key for the token that indicates which generation of the persistent store
Core Data is accessing

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case queryGeneration

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.refreshedObjectIDs

A key for the set of refreshed object identifiers.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case refreshedObjectIDs

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.refreshedObjects

A key for the context’s set of refreshed objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case refreshedObjects

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.updatedObjectIDs

A key for the set of updated object identifiers.

iOS 10.3+  iPadOS 10.3+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 10.2+  watchOS
3.2+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case updatedObjectIDs

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.updatedObjects

A key for the context’s set of updated objects.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    case updatedObjects

Initializer

# init(rawValue:)

Creates a notification key using the specified raw value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    init?(rawValue: String)

##  Parameters

`rawValue`

    

The raw string value of the key.

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

## See Also

### Creating and Comparing Keys

`var rawValue: String`

The raw string value of the key.

`typealias NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.RawValue`

The raw type of notification key values.

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the essential components of the value by feeding them into the
specified hasher.

`var hashValue: Int`

The hash value.

Instance Property

# rawValue

The raw string value of the key.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    var rawValue: String { get }

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `RawRepresentable`

## See Also

### Creating and Comparing Keys

`init?(rawValue: String)`

Creates a notification key using the specified raw value.

`typealias NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.RawValue`

The raw type of notification key values.

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the essential components of the value by feeding them into the
specified hasher.

`var hashValue: Int`

The hash value.

Type Alias

# NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.RawValue

The raw type of notification key values.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    typealias NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.RawValue = String

## See Also

### Creating and Comparing Keys

`init?(rawValue: String)`

Creates a notification key using the specified raw value.

`var rawValue: String`

The raw string value of the key.

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the essential components of the value by feeding them into the
specified hasher.

`var hashValue: Int`

The hash value.

Instance Method

# hash(into:)

Hashes the essential components of the value by feeding them into the
specified hasher.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher)

##  Parameters

`hasher`

    

The hasher to use when combining the components of this instance.

## See Also

### Creating and Comparing Keys

`init?(rawValue: String)`

Creates a notification key using the specified raw value.

`var rawValue: String`

The raw string value of the key.

`typealias NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.RawValue`

The raw type of notification key values.

`var hashValue: Int`

The hash value.

Instance Property

# hashValue

The hash value.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    var hashValue: Int { get }

## See Also

### Creating and Comparing Keys

`init?(rawValue: String)`

Creates a notification key using the specified raw value.

`var rawValue: String`

The raw string value of the key.

`typealias NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey.RawValue`

The raw type of notification key values.

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the essential components of the value by feeding them into the
specified hasher.

Operator

# !=(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 12.0+

    
    
    static func != (lhs: NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey, rhs: NSManagedObjectContext.NotificationKey) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

A value to compare.

`rhs`

    

Another value to compare.

## Discussion

Inequality is the inverse of equality. For any values `a` and `b`, `a != b`
implies that `a == b` is `false`.

This is the default implementation of the not-equal-to operator (`!=`) for any
type that conforms to `Equatable`.



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType.setup

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when setting up a store.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case setup = 0

## See Also

### Event Types

`case `import``

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when importing records
into a store.

`case export`

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when exporting managed
objects from a store.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType.import

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when importing records
into a store.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case `import` = 1

## See Also

### Event Types

`case setup`

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when setting up a store.

`case export`

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when exporting managed
objects from a store.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentCloudKitContainer.EventType.export

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when exporting managed
objects from a store.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case export = 2

## See Also

### Event Types

`case setup`

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when setting up a store.

`case `import``

An event the persistent CloudKit container generates when importing records
into a store.



# NSManagedObject

Initializer

# init(entity:insertInto:)

Initializes a managed object from an entity description and inserts it into
the specified managed object context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        entity: NSEntityDescription,
        insertInto context: NSManagedObjectContext?
    )

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

The entity of which to create an instance.

The model associated with `context`'s persistent store coordinator must
contain `entity`.

`context`

    

The context into which the new instance is inserted.

## Return Value

An initialized instance of the appropriate class for `entity`.

## Discussion

`NSManagedObject` uses dynamic class generation to support the Objective-C 2
properties feature (see Declared Properties) by automatically creating a
subclass of the class appropriate for `entity`.
`initWithEntity:insertIntoManagedObjectContext:` therefore returns an instance
of the appropriate class for `entity`. The dynamically-generated subclass will
be based on the class specified by the entity, so specifying a custom class in
your model will supersede the class passed to `alloc`.

If `context` is not `nil`, this method invokes `[context insertObject:self]`
(which causes `awakeFromInsert()` to be invoked).

You are discouraged from overriding this method—you should instead override
`awakeFromInsert()` and/or `awakeFromFetch()` (if there is logic common to
these methods, it should be factored into a third method which is invoked from
both). If you do perform custom initialization in this method, you may cause
problems with undo and redo operations.

In many applications, there is no need to subsequently assign a newly-created
managed object to a particular store—see `assign(_:to:)`. If your application
has multiple stores and you do need to assign an object to a specific store,
you should not do so in a managed object's initializer method. Such an
assignment is controller- not model-level logic.

Important

This method is the designated initializer for `NSManagedObject`. You must not
initialize a managed object simply by sending it `init`.

### Special Considerations

If you override `init(entity:insertInto:)`, you _must_ ensure that you set
`self` to the return value from invocation of `super`’s implementation, as
shown in the following example:

## See Also

### Creating a Managed Object

`init(context: NSManagedObjectContext)`

Initializes a managed object subclass and inserts it into the specified
managed object context.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

`class func insertNewObject(forEntityName: String, into:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSManagedObject`

Creates, configures, and returns an instance of the class for the entity with
a given name.

Initializer

# init(context:)

Initializes a managed object subclass and inserts it into the specified
managed object context.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(context moc: NSManagedObjectContext)

## Return Value

An initialized instance of the appropriate subclass.

## Discussion

This method is only legal to call on subclasses of `NSManagedObject` that
represent a single entity in the model.

## See Also

### Creating a Managed Object

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, insertInto: NSManagedObjectContext?)`

Initializes a managed object from an entity description and inserts it into
the specified managed object context.

Instance Property

# entity

The entity description of the managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entity: NSEntityDescription { get }

## Discussion

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting a Managed Object’s Identity

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID of the managed object.

`class func entity() -> NSEntityDescription`

Returns the entity description that is associated with this subclass.

Instance Property

# objectID

The object ID of the managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objectID: NSManagedObjectID { get }

## Discussion

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

Important

If the receiver has not yet been saved, the object ID is a temporary value
that will change when the object is saved.

## See Also

### Getting a Managed Object’s Identity

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the managed object.

`class func entity() -> NSEntityDescription`

Returns the entity description that is associated with this subclass.

### Related Documentation

`func uriRepresentation() -> URL`

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

Type Method

# entity()

Returns the entity description that is associated with this subclass.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func entity() -> NSEntityDescription

## Discussion

This method is only legal to call on subclasses of `NSManagedObject` that
represent a single entity in the model.

## See Also

### Getting a Managed Object’s Identity

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the managed object.

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID of the managed object.

Instance Property

# managedObjectContext

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext? { get }

## Discussion

May be `nil` if the receiver has been deleted from its context.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# hasChanges

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var hasChanges: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver has been inserted, has been deleted, or has unsaved
changes, otherwise `false`. The result is the equivalent of OR-ing the values
of `isInserted`, `isDeleted`, and `isUpdated`.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# isInserted

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isInserted: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver has been inserted in a managed object context,
otherwise `false`. If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does
not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# isUpdated

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isUpdated: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver has unsaved changes, otherwise `false`. The receiver
has unsaved changes if it has been updated since its managed object context
was last saved.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# isDeleted

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isDeleted: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if Core Data will ask the persistent store to delete the object during
the next save operation, otherwise `false`. It may return `false` at other
times, particularly after the object has been deleted. The immediacy with
which it will stop returning `true` depends on where the object is in the
process of being deleted.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

### Related Documentation

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

Instance Property

# isFault

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isFault: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is a fault, otherwise `false`. Knowing whether an
object is a fault is useful in many situations when computations are optional.
It can also be used to avoid growing the object graph unnecessarily (which may
improve performance as it can avoid time-consuming fetches from data stores).

If this property is `false`, then the receiver's data must be in memory.
However, if this property is `true`, it does _not_ mean that the data is not
in memory. The data may be in memory, or it may not, depending on many factors
influencing caching.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# faultingState

The faulting state of the managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var faultingState: Int { get }

## Return Value

`0` if the object is fully initialized as a managed object and not
transitioning to or from another state, otherwise some other value.

## Discussion

`0` if the object is fully initialized as a managed object and not
transitioning to or from another state, otherwise some other value. This
property allows you to determine if an object is in a transitional phase when
receiving a key-value observing change notification.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Method

# hasFault(forRelationshipNamed:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed key: String) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver’s relationships.

## Return Value

`true` if the relationship for `key` is a fault; otherwise, `false`.

## Discussion

If the specified relationship is a fault, calling this method does not result
in the fault firing.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# hasPersistentChangedValues

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool { get }

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

Type Property

# contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool { get }

## Return Value

`false` if instances of the class should be marked as having changes if an
unmodeled property is changed, otherwise `true`.

## Discussion

The default value is `true`.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

### Related Documentation

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context has uncommitted changes.

Instance Method

# awakeFromFetch()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func awakeFromFetch()

## Discussion

You typically use this method to compute derived values or to recreate
transient relationships from the receiver’s persistent properties.

The managed object context’s change processing is explicitly disabled around
this method so that you can use public setters to establish transient values
and other caches without dirtying the object or its context. Because of this,
however, you should not modify relationships in this method as the inverse
will not be set.

Important

Subclasses must invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
initialization.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

### Related Documentation

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

Instance Method

# awakeFromInsert()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func awakeFromInsert()

## Discussion

You typically use this method to initialize special default property values.
This method is invoked only once in the object's lifetime.

If you want to set attribute values in an implementation of this method, you
should typically use primitive accessor methods (either
`setPrimitiveValue(_:forKey:)` or—better—the appropriate custom primitive
accessors). This ensures that the new values are treated as baseline values
rather than being recorded as undoable changes for the properties in question.

Important

Subclasses must invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
initialization.

### Special Considerations

If you create a managed object then perform undo operations to bring the
managed object context to a state prior to the object’s creation, then perform
redo operations to bring the managed object context back to a state after the
object’s creation, `awakeFromInsert()` is _not_ invoked a second time.

You are typically discouraged from performing fetches within an implementation
of `awakeFromInsert()`. Although it is allowed, execution of the fetch request
can trigger the sending of internal Core Data notifications which may have
unwanted side-effects. For example, in macOS, an instance of
`NSArrayController` may end up inserting a new object into its content array
twice.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# awake(fromSnapshotEvents:)

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func awake(fromSnapshotEvents flags: NSSnapshotEventType)

##  Parameters

`flags`

    

A bit mask of `didChangeValue(forKey:)` constants to denote the event or
events that led to the method being invoked.

For possible values, see `NSSnapshotEventType`.

## Discussion

You typically use this method to compute derived values or to recreate
transient relationships from the receiver’s persistent properties.

If you want to set attribute values and need to avoid emitting key-value
observation change notifications, you should use primitive accessor methods
(either `setPrimitiveValue(_:forKey:)` or—better—the appropriate custom
primitive accessors). This ensures that the new values are treated as baseline
values rather than being recorded as undoable changes for the properties in
question.

Important

Subclasses must invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
initialization.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# changedValues()

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func changedValues() -> [String : Any]

## Return Value

A dictionary with keys that are the names of persistent properties with
changes since last fetching or saving the receiver, and with the new values
for those properties.

## Discussion

This method only reports changes to properties that are persistent properties
of the receiver, not changes to transient properties or custom instance
variables.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# changedValuesForCurrentEvent()

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]

## Return Value

A dictionary with keys that are the names of persistent properties with
changes since the last posting of `NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange`,
and with the new values for those properties.

## Discussion

This method only reports changes to properties that are persistent properties
of the receiver, not changes to transient properties or custom instance
variables.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# committedValues(forKeys:)

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func committedValues(forKeys keys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]

##  Parameters

`keys`

    

An array containing names of properties of the receiver, or `nil`.

## Return Value

A dictionary containing the last fetched or saved values of the receiver for
the properties specified by `keys`.

## Discussion

`nil` values are represented by an instance of `NSNull`.

This method only reports values of properties that are defined as persistent
properties of the receiver, not values of transient properties or of custom
instance variables.

You can invoke this method with the `keys` value of `nil` to retrieve
committed values for all the receiver’s properties, as illustrated by the
following example.

It is more efficient to use `nil` than to pass an array of all the property
keys.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# prepareForDeletion()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func prepareForDeletion()

## Discussion

You can implement this method to perform any operations required before the
object is deleted, such as custom propagation before relationships are torn
down, or reconfiguration of objects using key-value observing.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# willSave()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willSave()

## Discussion

This method can have “side effects” on persistent values. You can use it to,
for example, compute persistent values from other transient or scratchpad
values.

If you want to update a persistent property value, you should typically test
for equality of any new value with the existing value before making a change.
If you change property values using standard accessor methods, Core Data will
observe the resultant change notification and so invoke `willSave` again
before saving the object’s managed object context. If you continue to modify a
value in `willSave`, `willSave` will continue to be called until your program
crashes.

For example, if you set a last-modified timestamp, you should check whether
either you previously set it in the same save operation, or that the existing
timestamp is not less than a small delta from the current time. Typically it’s
better to calculate the timestamp once for all the objects being saved (for
example, in response to an `NSManagedObjectContextWillSaveNotification`).

If you change property values using primitive accessors, you avoid the
possibility of infinite recursion, but Core Data will not notice the change
you make.

The sense of “save” in the method name is that of a database commit statement
and so applies to deletions as well as to updates to objects. For subclasses,
this method is therefore an appropriate locus for code to be executed when an
object deleted as well as “saved to disk.” You can find out if an object is
marked for deletion with `isDeleted`.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# didSave()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didSave()

## Discussion

You can use this method to notify other objects after a save, and to compute
transient values from persistent values.

This method can have “side effects” on the persistent values, however any
changes you make using standard accessor methods will by default dirty the
managed object context and leave your context with unsaved changes. Moreover,
if the object’s context has an undo manager, such changes will add an undo
operation. For document-based applications, changes made in `didSave` will
therefore come into the next undo grouping, which can lead to “empty” undo
operations from the user's perspective. You may want to disable undo
registration to avoid this issue.

The sense of “save” in the method name is that of a database commit statement
and so applies to deletions as well as to updates to objects. For subclasses,
this method is therefore an appropriate locus for code to be executed when an
object deleted as well as “saved to disk.” You can find out if an object is
marked for deletion with `isDeleted`.

### Special Considerations

You cannot attempt to resurrect a deleted object in `didSave`.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# willTurnIntoFault()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willTurnIntoFault()

## Discussion

This method is the companion of the `didTurnIntoFault()` method. You can use
it to (re)set state which requires access to property values (for example,
observers across key paths). The default implementation does nothing.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# didTurnIntoFault()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didTurnIntoFault()

## Discussion

You use this method to clear out custom data caches—transient values declared
as entity properties are typically already cleared out by the time this method
is invoked (see, for example, `refresh(_:mergeChanges:)`).

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Type Method

# fetchRequest()

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 8.0+

    
    
    @objc
    dynamic class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>

## Discussion

This method is only legal to call on subclasses of `NSManagedObject` that
represent a single entity in the model.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Property

# objectWillChange

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 11.0+

    
    
    var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher { get }

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `ObservableObject`

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Type Alias

# NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 11.0+

    
    
    typealias ObjectWillChangePublisher = ObservableObjectPublisher

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

Instance Method

# value(forKey:)

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func value(forKey key: String) -> Any?

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Return Value

The value of the property specified by `key`.

## Discussion

If `key` is not a property defined by the model, the method raises an
exception. This method is overridden by `NSManagedObject` to access the
managed object’s generic dictionary storage unless the receiver’s class
explicitly provides key-value coding compliant accessor methods for `key`.

Important

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

Instance Method

# setValue(_:forKey:)

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setValue(
        _ value: Any?,
        forKey key: String
    )

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The new value for the property specified by `key`.

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

If `key` is not a property defined by the model, the method raises an
exception. If `key` identifies a to-one relationship, relates the object
specified by `value` to the receiver, unrelating the previously related object
if there was one. Given a collection object and a key that identifies a to-
many relationship, relates the objects contained in the collection to the
receiver, unrelating previously related objects if there were any.

This method is overridden by `NSManagedObject` to access the managed object’s
generic dictionary storage unless the receiver’s class explicitly provides
key-value coding compliant accessor methods for `key`.

Important

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

Instance Method

# primitiveValue(forKey:)

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func primitiveValue(forKey key: String) -> Any?

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Return Value

The value of the property specified by `key`. Returns `nil` if no value has
been set.

## Discussion

This method does not invoke the access notification methods
(`willAccessValue(forKey:)` and `didAccessValue(forKey:)`). This method is
used primarily by subclasses that implement custom accessor methods that need
direct access to the receiver’s private storage.

### Special Considerations

Subclasses should not override this method.

The following points also apply:

  * Primitive accessor methods are only supported on _modeled_ properties. If you invoke a primitive accessor on an unmodeled property, it will instead operate upon a random modeled property. (The debug libraries and frameworks (available from Apple Developer Website) have assertions to test for passing unmodeled keys to these methods.)

  * You are strongly encouraged to use the dynamically-generated accessors rather than using this method directly (for example, `primitiveName:` instead of `primitiveValueForKey:@"name"`). The dynamic accessors are much more efficient, and allow for compile-time checking.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`mutableSetValueForKey:`

Returns a mutable set that provides read-write access to the unordered to-many
relationship specified by a given key.

Instance Method

# setPrimitiveValue(_:forKey:)

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setPrimitiveValue(
        _ value: Any?,
        forKey key: String
    )

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The new value for the property specified by `key`.

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

Sets in the receiver’s private internal storage the value of the property
specified by `key` to `value`. If `key` identifies a to-one relationship,
relates the object specified by `value` to the receiver, unrelating the
previously related object if there was one. Given a collection object and a
key that identifies a to-many relationship, relates the objects contained in
the collection to the receiver, unrelating previously related objects if there
were any.

This method does not invoke the change notification methods
(`willChangeValue(forKey:)` and `didChangeValue(forKey:)`). It is typically
used by subclasses that implement custom accessor methods that need direct
access to the receiver’s private internal storage. It is also used by the Core
Data framework to initialize the receiver with values from a persistent store
or to restore a value from a snapshot.

### Special Considerations

You must not override this method.

You should typically use this method only to modify attributes (usually
transient), not relationships. If you try to set a to-many relationship to a
new `NSMutableSet` object, it will (eventually) fail. In the unusual event
that you need to modify a relationship using this method, you first get the
existing set using `primitiveValueForKey:` (ensure the method does not return
`nil`), create a mutable copy, and then modify the copy—as illustrated in the
following example:

If the relationship is bi-directional (that is, if an inverse relationship is
specified) then you are also responsible for maintaining the inverse
relationship (regardless of cardinality)—in contrast with Core Data's normal
behavior described in Using Managed Objects.

The following points also apply:

  * Primitive accessor methods are only supported on _modeled_ properties. If you invoke a primitive accessor on an unmodeled property, it will instead operate upon a random modeled property. (The debug libraries and frameworks from (available from the Apple Developer Website) have assertions to test for passing unmodeled keys to these methods.)

  * You are strongly encouraged to use the dynamically-generated accessors rather than using this method directly (for example, `setPrimitiveName:` instead of `setPrimitiveValue:newName forKey:@"name"`). The dynamic accessors are much more efficient, and allow for compile-time checking.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`mutableSetValueForKey:`

Returns a mutable set that provides read-write access to the unordered to-many
relationship specified by a given key.

Instance Method

# objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed:)

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

iOS 8.3+  iPadOS 8.3+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed key: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

Instance Method

# validateValue(_:forKey:)

Validates a property value for a given key.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateValue(
        _ value: AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>,
        forKey key: String
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`value`

    

A pointer to an object.

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

`error`

    

If `value` is not a valid value for `key` (and cannot be coerced), upon return
contains an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if `value` is a valid value for `key` (or if `value` can be coerced
into a valid value for `key`), otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method is responsible for two things: coercing the value into an
appropriate type for the object, and validating it according to the object’s
rules.

The default implementation provided by `NSManagedObject` consults the object’s
entity description to coerce the value and to check for basic errors, such as
a null value when that isn’t allowed and the length of strings when a field
width is specified for the attribute. It then searches for a method of the
form `validate<Key>:error:` and invokes it if it exists.

You can implement methods of the form `validate<Key>:error:` to perform
validation that is not possible using the constraints available in the
property description. If it finds an unacceptable value, your validation
method should return `false` and in `error` an `NSError` object that describes
the problem. For more details, see Managed Object Validation. For inter-
property validation (to check for combinations of values that are invalid),
see `validateForUpdate()` and related methods.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# validateForDelete()

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateForDelete() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If the receiver cannot be deleted in its current state, upon return contains
an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver can be deleted in its current state, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

An object cannot be deleted if it has a relationship has a “deny” delete rule
and that relationship has a destination object.

`NSManagedObject`’s implementation sends the receiver’s entity description a
message which performs basic checking based on the presence or absence of
values.

Important

Subclasses should invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
validation, and should combine any error returned by super’s implementation
with their own (see Managed Object Validation).

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# validateForInsert()

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateForInsert() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If the receiver cannot be inserted in its current state, upon return contains
an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver can be inserted in its current state, otherwise
`false`.

## Discussion

Subclasses should invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
validation, and should combine any error returned by super’s implementation
with their own (see Managed Object Validation).

### Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# validateForUpdate()

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateForUpdate() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If the receiver's current state is invalid, upon return contains an instance
of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver's current state is valid, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

`NSManagedObject`’s implementation iterates through all of the receiver’s
properties validating each in turn. If this results in more than one error,
the `userInfo` dictionary in the `NSError` returned in `error` contains a key
`NSDetailedErrorsKey`; the corresponding value is an array containing the
individual validation errors. If you pass `NULL` as the error, validation will
abort after the first failure.

Important

Subclasses should invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
validation, and should combine any error returned by super’s implementation
with their own (see Managed Object Validation).

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationKeyErrorKey

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationObjectErrorKey

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationPredicateErrorKey

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationValueErrorKey

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# didAccessValue(forKey:)

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didAccessValue(forKey key: String?)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

Together with `willAccessValue(forKey:)`, this method is used to fire faults,
to maintain inverse relationships, and so on. Each read access must be wrapped
in this method pair (in the same way that each write access must be wrapped in
the `willChangeValueForKey:`/`didChangeValueForKey:` method pair). In the
default implementation of `NSManagedObject` these methods are invoked for you
automatically. If, say, you create a custom subclass that uses explicit
instance variables, you must invoke them yourself, as in the following
example.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# observationInfo()

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+

    
    
    func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?

## Return Value

The observation info of the receiver.

## Discussion

For more about key-value observation, see Key-Value Observing Programming
Guide.

Important

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# setObservationInfo(_:)

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+

    
    
    func setObservationInfo(_ inObservationInfo: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The new observation info for the receiver.

## Discussion

For more about observation information, see Key-Value Observing Programming
Guide.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# willAccessValue(forKey:)

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willAccessValue(forKey key: String?)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

See `didAccessValue(forKey:)` for more details. You can invoke this method
with the `key` value of `nil` to ensure that a fault has been fired, as
illustrated by the following example.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# didChangeValue(forKey:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didChangeValue(forKey key: String)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of the property that changed.

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# didChangeValue(forKey:withSetMutation:using:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didChangeValue(
        forKey inKey: String,
        withSetMutation inMutationKind: NSKeyValueSetMutationKind,
        using inObjects: Set<AnyHashable>
    )

##  Parameters

`inKey`

    

The name of a property that is a to-many relationship.

`inMutationKind`

    

The type of change that was made.

`inObjects`

    

The objects that were involved in the change (see
`NSKeyValueSetMutationKind`).

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# willChangeValue(forKey:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willChangeValue(forKey key: String)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of the property that will change.

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# willChangeValue(forKey:withSetMutation:using:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willChangeValue(
        forKey inKey: String,
        withSetMutation inMutationKind: NSKeyValueSetMutationKind,
        using inObjects: Set<AnyHashable>
    )

##  Parameters

`inKey`

    

The name of a property that is a to-many relationship

`inMutationKind`

    

The type of change that will be made.

`inObjects`

    

The objects that were involved in the change (see
`NSKeyValueSetMutationKind`).

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

Initializer

# init(entity:insertInto:)

Initializes a managed object from an entity description and inserts it into
the specified managed object context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        entity: NSEntityDescription,
        insertInto context: NSManagedObjectContext?
    )

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

The entity of which to create an instance.

The model associated with `context`'s persistent store coordinator must
contain `entity`.

`context`

    

The context into which the new instance is inserted.

## Return Value

An initialized instance of the appropriate class for `entity`.

## Discussion

`NSManagedObject` uses dynamic class generation to support the Objective-C 2
properties feature (see Declared Properties) by automatically creating a
subclass of the class appropriate for `entity`.
`initWithEntity:insertIntoManagedObjectContext:` therefore returns an instance
of the appropriate class for `entity`. The dynamically-generated subclass will
be based on the class specified by the entity, so specifying a custom class in
your model will supersede the class passed to `alloc`.

If `context` is not `nil`, this method invokes `[context insertObject:self]`
(which causes `awakeFromInsert()` to be invoked).

You are discouraged from overriding this method—you should instead override
`awakeFromInsert()` and/or `awakeFromFetch()` (if there is logic common to
these methods, it should be factored into a third method which is invoked from
both). If you do perform custom initialization in this method, you may cause
problems with undo and redo operations.

In many applications, there is no need to subsequently assign a newly-created
managed object to a particular store—see `assign(_:to:)`. If your application
has multiple stores and you do need to assign an object to a specific store,
you should not do so in a managed object's initializer method. Such an
assignment is controller- not model-level logic.

Important

This method is the designated initializer for `NSManagedObject`. You must not
initialize a managed object simply by sending it `init`.

### Special Considerations

If you override `init(entity:insertInto:)`, you _must_ ensure that you set
`self` to the return value from invocation of `super`’s implementation, as
shown in the following example:

    
    
    - (id)initWithEntity:(NSEntityDescription*)entity insertIntoManagedObjectContext:(NSManagedObjectContext*)context
    {
        self = [super initWithEntity:entity insertIntoManagedObjectContext:context];
        if (self != nil) {
            // Perform additional initialization.
        }
        return self;
    }
    

## See Also

### Creating a Managed Object

`init(context: NSManagedObjectContext)`

Initializes a managed object subclass and inserts it into the specified
managed object context.

### Related Documentation

Core Data Programming Guide

`class func insertNewObject(forEntityName: String, into:
NSManagedObjectContext) -> NSManagedObject`

Creates, configures, and returns an instance of the class for the entity with
a given name.

Initializer

# init(context:)

Initializes a managed object subclass and inserts it into the specified
managed object context.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(context moc: NSManagedObjectContext)

## Return Value

An initialized instance of the appropriate subclass.

## Discussion

This method is only legal to call on subclasses of `NSManagedObject` that
represent a single entity in the model.

## See Also

### Creating a Managed Object

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, insertInto: NSManagedObjectContext?)`

Initializes a managed object from an entity description and inserts it into
the specified managed object context.

Instance Property

# entity

The entity description of the managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entity: NSEntityDescription { get }

## Discussion

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting a Managed Object’s Identity

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID of the managed object.

`class func entity() -> NSEntityDescription`

Returns the entity description that is associated with this subclass.

Instance Property

# objectID

The object ID of the managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objectID: NSManagedObjectID { get }

## Discussion

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

Important

If the receiver has not yet been saved, the object ID is a temporary value
that will change when the object is saved.

## See Also

### Getting a Managed Object’s Identity

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the managed object.

`class func entity() -> NSEntityDescription`

Returns the entity description that is associated with this subclass.

### Related Documentation

`func uriRepresentation() -> URL`

Returns a URI that provides an archiveable reference to the object for the
object ID.

Type Method

# entity()

Returns the entity description that is associated with this subclass.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class func entity() -> NSEntityDescription

## Discussion

This method is only legal to call on subclasses of `NSManagedObject` that
represent a single entity in the model.

## See Also

### Getting a Managed Object’s Identity

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The entity description of the managed object.

`var objectID: NSManagedObjectID`

The object ID of the managed object.

Instance Property

# managedObjectContext

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext? { get }

## Discussion

May be `nil` if the receiver has been deleted from its context.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# hasChanges

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var hasChanges: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver has been inserted, has been deleted, or has unsaved
changes, otherwise `false`. The result is the equivalent of OR-ing the values
of `isInserted`, `isDeleted`, and `isUpdated`.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# isInserted

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isInserted: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver has been inserted in a managed object context,
otherwise `false`. If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does
not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# isUpdated

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isUpdated: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver has unsaved changes, otherwise `false`. The receiver
has unsaved changes if it has been updated since its managed object context
was last saved.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# isDeleted

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isDeleted: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if Core Data will ask the persistent store to delete the object during
the next save operation, otherwise `false`. It may return `false` at other
times, particularly after the object has been deleted. The immediacy with
which it will stop returning `true` depends on where the object is in the
process of being deleted.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

### Related Documentation

`var deletedObjects: Set<NSManagedObject>`

The set of objects that will be removed from their persistent store during the
next save operation.

`static let NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange: NSNotification.Name`

A notification of changes made to managed objects associated with this
context.

Instance Property

# isFault

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isFault: Bool { get }

## Discussion

`true` if the receiver is a fault, otherwise `false`. Knowing whether an
object is a fault is useful in many situations when computations are optional.
It can also be used to avoid growing the object graph unnecessarily (which may
improve performance as it can avoid time-consuming fetches from data stores).

If this property is `false`, then the receiver's data must be in memory.
However, if this property is `true`, it does _not_ mean that the data is not
in memory. The data may be in memory, or it may not, depending on many factors
influencing caching.

If the receiver is a fault, accessing this property does not cause it to fire.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# faultingState

The faulting state of the managed object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var faultingState: Int { get }

## Return Value

`0` if the object is fully initialized as a managed object and not
transitioning to or from another state, otherwise some other value.

## Discussion

`0` if the object is fully initialized as a managed object and not
transitioning to or from another state, otherwise some other value. This
property allows you to determine if an object is in a transitional phase when
receiving a key-value observing change notification.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Method

# hasFault(forRelationshipNamed:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed key: String) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver’s relationships.

## Return Value

`true` if the relationship for `key` is a fault; otherwise, `false`.

## Discussion

If the specified relationship is a fault, calling this method does not result
in the fault firing.

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

Instance Property

# hasPersistentChangedValues

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has persistent
changes.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var hasPersistentChangedValues: Bool { get }

## See Also

### Getting State Information

`var managedObjectContext: NSManagedObjectContext?`

The managed object context with which the managed object is registered.

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted,
has been deleted, or has unsaved changes.

`var isInserted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has been inserted in
a managed object context.

`var isUpdated: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object has unsaved changes.

`var isDeleted: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object will be deleted
during the next save.

`var isFault: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the managed object is a fault.

`var faultingState: Int`

The faulting state of the managed object.

`func hasFault(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether the relationship for a given
key is a fault.

Type Property

# contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool { get }

## Return Value

`false` if instances of the class should be marked as having changes if an
unmodeled property is changed, otherwise `true`.

## Discussion

The default value is `true`.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

### Related Documentation

`var hasChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether the context has uncommitted changes.

Instance Method

# awakeFromFetch()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func awakeFromFetch()

## Discussion

You typically use this method to compute derived values or to recreate
transient relationships from the receiver’s persistent properties.

The managed object context’s change processing is explicitly disabled around
this method so that you can use public setters to establish transient values
and other caches without dirtying the object or its context. Because of this,
however, you should not modify relationships in this method as the inverse
will not be set.

Important

Subclasses must invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
initialization.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

### Related Documentation

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

Instance Method

# awakeFromInsert()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func awakeFromInsert()

## Discussion

You typically use this method to initialize special default property values.
This method is invoked only once in the object's lifetime.

If you want to set attribute values in an implementation of this method, you
should typically use primitive accessor methods (either
`setPrimitiveValue(_:forKey:)` or—better—the appropriate custom primitive
accessors). This ensures that the new values are treated as baseline values
rather than being recorded as undoable changes for the properties in question.

Important

Subclasses must invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
initialization.

### Special Considerations

If you create a managed object then perform undo operations to bring the
managed object context to a state prior to the object’s creation, then perform
redo operations to bring the managed object context back to a state after the
object’s creation, `awakeFromInsert()` is _not_ invoked a second time.

You are typically discouraged from performing fetches within an implementation
of `awakeFromInsert()`. Although it is allowed, execution of the fetch request
can trigger the sending of internal Core Data notifications which may have
unwanted side-effects. For example, in macOS, an instance of
`NSArrayController` may end up inserting a new object into its content array
twice.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# awake(fromSnapshotEvents:)

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func awake(fromSnapshotEvents flags: NSSnapshotEventType)

##  Parameters

`flags`

    

A bit mask of `didChangeValue(forKey:)` constants to denote the event or
events that led to the method being invoked.

For possible values, see `NSSnapshotEventType`.

## Discussion

You typically use this method to compute derived values or to recreate
transient relationships from the receiver’s persistent properties.

If you want to set attribute values and need to avoid emitting key-value
observation change notifications, you should use primitive accessor methods
(either `setPrimitiveValue(_:forKey:)` or—better—the appropriate custom
primitive accessors). This ensures that the new values are treated as baseline
values rather than being recorded as undoable changes for the properties in
question.

Important

Subclasses must invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
initialization.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# changedValues()

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func changedValues() -> [String : Any]

## Return Value

A dictionary with keys that are the names of persistent properties with
changes since last fetching or saving the receiver, and with the new values
for those properties.

## Discussion

This method only reports changes to properties that are persistent properties
of the receiver, not changes to transient properties or custom instance
variables.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# changedValuesForCurrentEvent()

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]

## Return Value

A dictionary with keys that are the names of persistent properties with
changes since the last posting of `NSManagedObjectContextObjectsDidChange`,
and with the new values for those properties.

## Discussion

This method only reports changes to properties that are persistent properties
of the receiver, not changes to transient properties or custom instance
variables.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# committedValues(forKeys:)

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func committedValues(forKeys keys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]

##  Parameters

`keys`

    

An array containing names of properties of the receiver, or `nil`.

## Return Value

A dictionary containing the last fetched or saved values of the receiver for
the properties specified by `keys`.

## Discussion

`nil` values are represented by an instance of `NSNull`.

This method only reports values of properties that are defined as persistent
properties of the receiver, not values of transient properties or of custom
instance variables.

You can invoke this method with the `keys` value of `nil` to retrieve
committed values for all the receiver’s properties, as illustrated by the
following example.

    
    
    NSDictionary *allCommittedValues =
            [aManagedObject committedValuesForKeys:nil];
    

It is more efficient to use `nil` than to pass an array of all the property
keys.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# prepareForDeletion()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.6+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func prepareForDeletion()

## Discussion

You can implement this method to perform any operations required before the
object is deleted, such as custom propagation before relationships are torn
down, or reconfiguration of objects using key-value observing.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# willSave()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willSave()

## Discussion

This method can have “side effects” on persistent values. You can use it to,
for example, compute persistent values from other transient or scratchpad
values.

If you want to update a persistent property value, you should typically test
for equality of any new value with the existing value before making a change.
If you change property values using standard accessor methods, Core Data will
observe the resultant change notification and so invoke `willSave` again
before saving the object’s managed object context. If you continue to modify a
value in `willSave`, `willSave` will continue to be called until your program
crashes.

For example, if you set a last-modified timestamp, you should check whether
either you previously set it in the same save operation, or that the existing
timestamp is not less than a small delta from the current time. Typically it’s
better to calculate the timestamp once for all the objects being saved (for
example, in response to an `NSManagedObjectContextWillSaveNotification`).

If you change property values using primitive accessors, you avoid the
possibility of infinite recursion, but Core Data will not notice the change
you make.

The sense of “save” in the method name is that of a database commit statement
and so applies to deletions as well as to updates to objects. For subclasses,
this method is therefore an appropriate locus for code to be executed when an
object deleted as well as “saved to disk.” You can find out if an object is
marked for deletion with `isDeleted`.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# didSave()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didSave()

## Discussion

You can use this method to notify other objects after a save, and to compute
transient values from persistent values.

This method can have “side effects” on the persistent values, however any
changes you make using standard accessor methods will by default dirty the
managed object context and leave your context with unsaved changes. Moreover,
if the object’s context has an undo manager, such changes will add an undo
operation. For document-based applications, changes made in `didSave` will
therefore come into the next undo grouping, which can lead to “empty” undo
operations from the user's perspective. You may want to disable undo
registration to avoid this issue.

The sense of “save” in the method name is that of a database commit statement
and so applies to deletions as well as to updates to objects. For subclasses,
this method is therefore an appropriate locus for code to be executed when an
object deleted as well as “saved to disk.” You can find out if an object is
marked for deletion with `isDeleted`.

### Special Considerations

You cannot attempt to resurrect a deleted object in `didSave`.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# willTurnIntoFault()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.5+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willTurnIntoFault()

## Discussion

This method is the companion of the `didTurnIntoFault()` method. You can use
it to (re)set state which requires access to property values (for example,
observers across key paths). The default implementation does nothing.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Method

# didTurnIntoFault()

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didTurnIntoFault()

## Discussion

You use this method to clear out custom data caches—transient values declared
as entity properties are typically already cleared out by the time this method
is invoked (see, for example, `refresh(_:mergeChanges:)`).

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Type Method

# fetchRequest()

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

iOS 10.0+  iPadOS 10.0+  macOS 10.12+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 10.0+  watchOS
3.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 8.0+

    
    
    @objc
    dynamic class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>

## Discussion

This method is only legal to call on subclasses of `NSManagedObject` that
represent a single entity in the model.

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Instance Property

# objectWillChange

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 11.0+

    
    
    var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher { get }

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `ObservableObject`

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`typealias NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher`

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

Type Alias

# NSManagedObject.ObjectWillChangePublisher

An object that publishes changes from observable objects.

iOS 7.0+  iPadOS 7.0+  macOS 10.9+  Mac Catalyst 13.0+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 11.0+

    
    
    typealias ObjectWillChangePublisher = ObservableObjectPublisher

## See Also

### Managing Change Events

`class var contextShouldIgnoreUnmodeledPropertyChanges: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to mark instances of the class as
having changes when an unmodeled property changes.

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`func awakeFromInsert()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when initially creating it.

`func awake(fromSnapshotEvents: NSSnapshotEventType)`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fulfilling it from a snapshot.

`func changedValues() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func changedValuesForCurrentEvent() -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary containing the keys and new values of persistent
properties with changes since the last fetching or saving of the managed
object.

`func committedValues(forKeys: [String]?) -> [String : Any]`

Returns a dictionary of the most recent fetched or saved values of the managed
object for the properties of the specified keys.

`func prepareForDeletion()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before deleting it.

`func willSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before saving it.

`func didSave()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after the managed object’s context completes a save operation.

`func willTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
before converting it to a fault.

`func didTurnIntoFault()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
after converting it to a fault.

`class func fetchRequest() -> NSFetchRequest<any NSFetchRequestResult>`

Returns an initialized fetch request with the entity this subclass represents.

`var objectWillChange: ObservableObjectPublisher`

A publisher that emits before the object changes.

Instance Method

# value(forKey:)

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func value(forKey key: String) -> Any?

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Return Value

The value of the property specified by `key`.

## Discussion

If `key` is not a property defined by the model, the method raises an
exception. This method is overridden by `NSManagedObject` to access the
managed object’s generic dictionary storage unless the receiver’s class
explicitly provides key-value coding compliant accessor methods for `key`.

Important

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

Instance Method

# setValue(_:forKey:)

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setValue(
        _ value: Any?,
        forKey key: String
    )

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The new value for the property specified by `key`.

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

If `key` is not a property defined by the model, the method raises an
exception. If `key` identifies a to-one relationship, relates the object
specified by `value` to the receiver, unrelating the previously related object
if there was one. Given a collection object and a key that identifies a to-
many relationship, relates the objects contained in the collection to the
receiver, unrelating previously related objects if there were any.

This method is overridden by `NSManagedObject` to access the managed object’s
generic dictionary storage unless the receiver’s class explicitly provides
key-value coding compliant accessor methods for `key`.

Important

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

Instance Method

# primitiveValue(forKey:)

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func primitiveValue(forKey key: String) -> Any?

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Return Value

The value of the property specified by `key`. Returns `nil` if no value has
been set.

## Discussion

This method does not invoke the access notification methods
(`willAccessValue(forKey:)` and `didAccessValue(forKey:)`). This method is
used primarily by subclasses that implement custom accessor methods that need
direct access to the receiver’s private storage.

### Special Considerations

Subclasses should not override this method.

The following points also apply:

  * Primitive accessor methods are only supported on _modeled_ properties. If you invoke a primitive accessor on an unmodeled property, it will instead operate upon a random modeled property. (The debug libraries and frameworks (available from Apple Developer Website) have assertions to test for passing unmodeled keys to these methods.)

  * You are strongly encouraged to use the dynamically-generated accessors rather than using this method directly (for example, `primitiveName:` instead of `primitiveValueForKey:@"name"`). The dynamic accessors are much more efficient, and allow for compile-time checking.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`mutableSetValueForKey:`

Returns a mutable set that provides read-write access to the unordered to-many
relationship specified by a given key.

Instance Method

# setPrimitiveValue(_:forKey:)

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func setPrimitiveValue(
        _ value: Any?,
        forKey key: String
    )

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The new value for the property specified by `key`.

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

Sets in the receiver’s private internal storage the value of the property
specified by `key` to `value`. If `key` identifies a to-one relationship,
relates the object specified by `value` to the receiver, unrelating the
previously related object if there was one. Given a collection object and a
key that identifies a to-many relationship, relates the objects contained in
the collection to the receiver, unrelating previously related objects if there
were any.

This method does not invoke the change notification methods
(`willChangeValue(forKey:)` and `didChangeValue(forKey:)`). It is typically
used by subclasses that implement custom accessor methods that need direct
access to the receiver’s private internal storage. It is also used by the Core
Data framework to initialize the receiver with values from a persistent store
or to restore a value from a snapshot.

### Special Considerations

You must not override this method.

You should typically use this method only to modify attributes (usually
transient), not relationships. If you try to set a to-many relationship to a
new `NSMutableSet` object, it will (eventually) fail. In the unusual event
that you need to modify a relationship using this method, you first get the
existing set using `primitiveValueForKey:` (ensure the method does not return
`nil`), create a mutable copy, and then modify the copy—as illustrated in the
following example:

If the relationship is bi-directional (that is, if an inverse relationship is
specified) then you are also responsible for maintaining the inverse
relationship (regardless of cardinality)—in contrast with Core Data's normal
behavior described in Using Managed Objects.

The following points also apply:

  * Primitive accessor methods are only supported on _modeled_ properties. If you invoke a primitive accessor on an unmodeled property, it will instead operate upon a random modeled property. (The debug libraries and frameworks from (available from the Apple Developer Website) have assertions to test for passing unmodeled keys to these methods.)

  * You are strongly encouraged to use the dynamically-generated accessors rather than using this method directly (for example, `setPrimitiveName:` instead of `setPrimitiveValue:newName forKey:@"name"`). The dynamic accessors are much more efficient, and allow for compile-time checking.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]`

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

### Related Documentation

`func awakeFromFetch()`

Provides an opportunity to add code into the life cycle of the managed object
when fufilling it from a fault.

`mutableSetValueForKey:`

Returns a mutable set that provides read-write access to the unordered to-many
relationship specified by a given key.

Instance Method

# objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed:)

Returns the object IDs for all of the managed objects that are in the named
relationship.

iOS 8.3+  iPadOS 8.3+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func objectIDs(forRelationshipNamed key: String) -> [NSManagedObjectID]

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Coding

`func value(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the property specified by `key`.

`func setValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the specified property of the managed object to the specified value.

`func primitiveValue(forKey: String) -> Any?`

Returns the value for the specified property from the managed object’s private
internal storage .

`func setPrimitiveValue(Any?, forKey: String)`

Sets the value of a given property in the managed object's private internal
storage.

Instance Method

# validateValue(_:forKey:)

Validates a property value for a given key.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateValue(
        _ value: AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>,
        forKey key: String
    ) throws

##  Parameters

`value`

    

A pointer to an object.

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

`error`

    

If `value` is not a valid value for `key` (and cannot be coerced), upon return
contains an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if `value` is a valid value for `key` (or if `value` can be coerced
into a valid value for `key`), otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

This method is responsible for two things: coercing the value into an
appropriate type for the object, and validating it according to the object’s
rules.

The default implementation provided by `NSManagedObject` consults the object’s
entity description to coerce the value and to check for basic errors, such as
a null value when that isn’t allowed and the length of strings when a field
width is specified for the attribute. It then searches for a method of the
form `validate<Key>:error:` and invokes it if it exists.

You can implement methods of the form `validate<Key>:error:` to perform
validation that is not possible using the constraints available in the
property description. If it finds an unacceptable value, your validation
method should return `false` and in `error` an `NSError` object that describes
the problem. For more details, see Managed Object Validation. For inter-
property validation (to check for combinations of values that are invalid),
see `validateForUpdate()` and related methods.

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# validateForDelete()

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateForDelete() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If the receiver cannot be deleted in its current state, upon return contains
an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver can be deleted in its current state, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

An object cannot be deleted if it has a relationship has a “deny” delete rule
and that relationship has a destination object.

`NSManagedObject`’s implementation sends the receiver’s entity description a
message which performs basic checking based on the presence or absence of
values.

Important

Subclasses should invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
validation, and should combine any error returned by super’s implementation
with their own (see Managed Object Validation).

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# validateForInsert()

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateForInsert() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If the receiver cannot be inserted in its current state, upon return contains
an instance of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver can be inserted in its current state, otherwise
`false`.

## Discussion

Subclasses should invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
validation, and should combine any error returned by super’s implementation
with their own (see Managed Object Validation).

### Discussion

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# validateForUpdate()

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func validateForUpdate() throws

##  Parameters

`error`

    

If the receiver's current state is invalid, upon return contains an instance
of `NSError` that describes the problem.

## Return Value

`true` if the receiver's current state is valid, otherwise `false`.

## Discussion

`NSManagedObject`’s implementation iterates through all of the receiver’s
properties validating each in turn. If this results in more than one error,
the `userInfo` dictionary in the `NSError` returned in `error` contains a key
`NSDetailedErrorsKey`; the corresponding value is an array containing the
individual validation errors. If you pass `NULL` as the error, validation will
abort after the first failure.

Important

Subclasses should invoke super’s implementation before performing their own
validation, and should combine any error returned by super’s implementation
with their own (see Managed Object Validation).

Handling Errors in Swift:

In Swift, this method returns `Void` and is marked with the `throws` keyword
to indicate that it throws an error in cases of failure.

You call this method in a `try` expression and handle any errors in the
`catch` clauses of a `do` statement, as described in Error Handling in The
Swift Programming Language and `About Imported Cocoa Error Parameters`.

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationKeyErrorKey

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationObjectErrorKey

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationPredicateErrorKey

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String`

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

Global Variable

# NSValidationValueErrorKey

The error key for the value that failed to validate.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    let NSValidationValueErrorKey: String

## See Also

### Managing Data Validation

`func validateValue(AutoreleasingUnsafeMutablePointer<AnyObject?>, forKey:
String)`

Validates a property value for a given key.

`func validateForDelete()`

Determines whether the managed object can be deleted in its current state.

`func validateForInsert()`

Determines whether the managed object can be inserted in its current state.

`func validateForUpdate()`

Determines whether the managed object's current state is valid.

API Reference

Validation error codes

Error codes relating to the validation of managed objects.

`let NSValidationKeyErrorKey: String`

The error key for the attribute that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationObjectErrorKey: String`

The error key for the object that failed to validate.

`let NSValidationPredicateErrorKey: String`

The error key for the predicate that failed to validate.

Instance Method

# didAccessValue(forKey:)

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didAccessValue(forKey key: String?)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

Together with `willAccessValue(forKey:)`, this method is used to fire faults,
to maintain inverse relationships, and so on. Each read access must be wrapped
in this method pair (in the same way that each write access must be wrapped in
the `willChangeValueForKey:`/`didChangeValueForKey:` method pair). In the
default implementation of `NSManagedObject` these methods are invoked for you
automatically. If, say, you create a custom subclass that uses explicit
instance variables, you must invoke them yourself, as in the following
example.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# observationInfo()

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+

    
    
    func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?

## Return Value

The observation info of the receiver.

## Discussion

For more about key-value observation, see Key-Value Observing Programming
Guide.

Important

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# setObservationInfo(_:)

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+

    
    
    func setObservationInfo(_ inObservationInfo: UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)

##  Parameters

`value`

    

The new observation info for the receiver.

## Discussion

For more about observation information, see Key-Value Observing Programming
Guide.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# willAccessValue(forKey:)

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willAccessValue(forKey key: String?)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of one of the receiver's properties.

## Discussion

See `didAccessValue(forKey:)` for more details. You can invoke this method
with the `key` value of `nil` to ensure that a fault has been fired, as
illustrated by the following example.

    
    
    [aManagedObject willAccessValueForKey:nil];
    

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# didChangeValue(forKey:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didChangeValue(forKey key: String)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of the property that changed.

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# didChangeValue(forKey:withSetMutation:using:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func didChangeValue(
        forKey inKey: String,
        withSetMutation inMutationKind: NSKeyValueSetMutationKind,
        using inObjects: Set<AnyHashable>
    )

##  Parameters

`inKey`

    

The name of a property that is a to-many relationship.

`inMutationKind`

    

The type of change that was made.

`inObjects`

    

The objects that were involved in the change (see
`NSKeyValueSetMutationKind`).

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# willChangeValue(forKey:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willChangeValue(forKey key: String)

##  Parameters

`key`

    

The name of the property that will change.

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

Instance Method

# willChangeValue(forKey:withSetMutation:using:)

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change is about to be made to a
specified to-many relationship.

iOS 3.0+  iPadOS 3.0+  macOS 10.4+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func willChangeValue(
        forKey inKey: String,
        withSetMutation inMutationKind: NSKeyValueSetMutationKind,
        using inObjects: Set<AnyHashable>
    )

##  Parameters

`inKey`

    

The name of a property that is a to-many relationship

`inMutationKind`

    

The type of change that will be made.

`inObjects`

    

The objects that were involved in the change (see
`NSKeyValueSetMutationKind`).

## Discussion

For more details, see Key-Value Observing Programming Guide.

You must not override this method.

## See Also

### Supporting Key-Value Observing

`func didAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func observationInfo() -> UnsafeMutableRawPointer?`

Returns the observation info of the managed object.

`func setObservationInfo(UnsafeMutableRawPointer?)`

Sets the observation info of the managed object.

`func willAccessValue(forKey: String?)`

Provides support for key-value observing access notification.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property has
changed.

`func didChangeValue(forKey: String, withSetMutation:
NSKeyValueSetMutationKind, using: Set<AnyHashable>)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a change was made to a specified to-
many relationship.

`func willChangeValue(forKey: String)`

Provides an opportunity to respond when a value of a given property is about
to change.



# NSBatchUpdateRequest

Initializer

# init(entity:)

Creates a batch-update request for a managed entity.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(entity: NSEntityDescription)

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

The managed entity to update data for.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entityName: String)`

Creates a batch-update request for a named managed entity.

Initializer

# init(entityName:)

Creates a batch-update request for a named managed entity.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(entityName: String)

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription)`

Creates a batch-update request for a managed entity.

Instance Property

# entity

The managed entity to update data for.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entity: NSEntityDescription { get }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to update subentities.

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that identifies the objects to update.

`var propertiesToUpdate: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of property description pairs that describe the updates.

`var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

Instance Property

# entityName

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityName: String { get }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The managed entity to update data for.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to update subentities.

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that identifies the objects to update.

`var propertiesToUpdate: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of property description pairs that describe the updates.

`var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

Instance Property

# includesSubentities

A Boolean value that indicates whether to update subentities.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var includesSubentities: Bool { get set }

## Discussion

The default value is `true`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The managed entity to update data for.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that identifies the objects to update.

`var propertiesToUpdate: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of property description pairs that describe the updates.

`var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

Instance Property

# predicate

A predicate that identifies the objects to update.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var predicate: NSPredicate? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The managed entity to update data for.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to update subentities.

`var propertiesToUpdate: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of property description pairs that describe the updates.

`var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

Instance Property

# propertiesToUpdate

A dictionary of property description pairs that describe the updates.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertiesToUpdate: [AnyHashable : Any]? { get set }

## Discussion

The dictionary keys are either `NSPropertyDescription` objects or strings that
identify the property name.

The dictionary values are either a constant value or an `NSExpression` that
evaluates to a scalar value.

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The managed entity to update data for.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to update subentities.

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that identifies the objects to update.

`var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that Core Data returns from the request.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entity: NSEntityDescription`

The managed entity to update data for.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to update data for.

`var includesSubentities: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether to update subentities.

`var predicate: NSPredicate?`

A predicate that identifies the objects to update.

`var propertiesToUpdate: [AnyHashable : Any]?`

A dictionary of property description pairs that describe the updates.



# NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType.privateQueueConcurrencyType

Specifies that the context will be associated with a private dispatch queue.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case privateQueueConcurrencyType = 1

## See Also

### Concurrency Types

`case mainQueueConcurrencyType`

Specifies that the context will be associated with the main queue.

`case confinementConcurrencyType`

Specifies that the context will use the thread confinement pattern.

Deprecated

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType.mainQueueConcurrencyType

Specifies that the context will be associated with the main queue.

iOS 5.0+  iPadOS 5.0+  macOS 10.7+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case mainQueueConcurrencyType = 2

## See Also

### Concurrency Types

`case privateQueueConcurrencyType`

Specifies that the context will be associated with a private dispatch queue.

`case confinementConcurrencyType`

Specifies that the context will use the thread confinement pattern.

Deprecated

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContextConcurrencyType.confinementConcurrencyType

Specifies that the context will use the thread confinement pattern.

iOS 3.0–9.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 3.0–9.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.4–10.11
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–13.1  Deprecated  tvOS 9.0–9.0  Deprecated
watchOS 2.0–2.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    case confinementConcurrencyType = 0

## See Also

### Concurrency Types

`case privateQueueConcurrencyType`

Specifies that the context will be associated with a private dispatch queue.

`case mainQueueConcurrencyType`

Specifies that the context will be associated with the main queue.



# NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType.statusOnlyResultType

A value that indicates the return type is a Boolean value representing whether
the batch-update request succeeds.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case statusOnlyResultType = 0

## See Also

### Request Types

`case updatedObjectIDsResultType`

A value that indicates the return type is an array of object IDs that
corresponds to the updated rows.

`case updatedObjectsCountResultType`

A value that indicates the return type is the number of updated rows.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType.updatedObjectIDsResultType

A value that indicates the return type is an array of object IDs that
corresponds to the updated rows.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case updatedObjectIDsResultType = 1

## See Also

### Request Types

`case statusOnlyResultType`

A value that indicates the return type is a Boolean value representing whether
the batch-update request succeeds.

`case updatedObjectsCountResultType`

A value that indicates the return type is the number of updated rows.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchUpdateRequestResultType.updatedObjectsCountResultType

A value that indicates the return type is the number of updated rows.

iOS 8.0+  iPadOS 8.0+  macOS 10.10+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case updatedObjectsCountResultType = 2

## See Also

### Request Types

`case statusOnlyResultType`

A value that indicates the return type is a Boolean value representing whether
the batch-update request succeeds.

`case updatedObjectIDsResultType`

A value that indicates the return type is an array of object IDs that
corresponds to the updated rows.



# NSPersistentHistoryResultType

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.statusOnly

The status of the persistent history change request.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case statusOnly = 0

## See Also

### Result Types

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.count

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case count = 2

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.objectIDs

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case objectIDs = 1

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.transactionsAndChanges

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transactionsAndChanges = 5

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.transactionsOnly

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case transactionsOnly = 3

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case changesOnly`

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

Enumeration Case

# NSPersistentHistoryResultType.changesOnly

The persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case changesOnly = 4

## See Also

### Result Types

`case statusOnly`

The status of the persistent history change request.

`case count`

The number of persistent history changes since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case objectIDs`

The identifiers of managed objects changed since the requested date, token, or
transaction.

`case transactionsAndChanges`

The persistent history transactions and changes since the requested date,
token, or transaction.

`case transactionsOnly`

The persistent history transactions since the requested date, token, or
transaction.



# NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult

Instance Property

# result

The result of the persistent CloudKit container event request, which the
result type determines.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var result: Any? { get }

## See Also

### Handling Event Results

`var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The type of result that the CloudKit container event fetch request returns.

`enum NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The types of results from a persistent CloudKit container event fetch request.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that the CloudKit container event fetch request returns.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType { get }

## See Also

### Handling Event Results

`var result: Any?`

The result of the persistent CloudKit container event request, which the
result type determines.

`enum NSPersistentCloudKitContainerEventResult.ResultType`

The types of results from a persistent CloudKit container event fetch request.



# NSBatchInsertRequest

Initializer

# init(entity:dictionaryHandler:)

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(
        entity: NSEntityDescription,
        dictionaryHandler handler: @escaping (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool
    )

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

A managed entity to insert data into.

`handler`

    

A closure that provides a dictionary that represents an object to insert. The
dictionary contains an attribute name key and a value.

## Return Value

A batch-insertion request.

## Discussion

Core Data repeatedly calls the provided closure until it returns `true`, then
finishes the request and saves the data.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init()`

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init(entity:managedObjectHandler:)

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(
        entity: NSEntityDescription,
        managedObjectHandler handler: @escaping (NSManagedObject) -> Bool
    )

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

A managed entity to insert data into.

`handler`

    

A closure that inserts data into the managed entity.

## Return Value

A batch-insertion request.

## Discussion

Core Data repeatedly calls the provided closure until it returns `true`, then
finishes the request and saves the data.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init()`

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init(entityName:dictionaryHandler:)

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(
        entityName: String,
        dictionaryHandler handler: @escaping (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool
    )

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`handler`

    

A closure that provides a dictionary that represents an object to insert. The
dictionary contains an attribute name key and a value.

## Return Value

A batch-insertion request.

## Discussion

Core Data repeatedly calls the provided closure until it returns `true`, then
finishes the request and saves the data.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init()`

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init(entityName:managedObjectHandler:)

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    convenience init(
        entityName: String,
        managedObjectHandler handler: @escaping (NSManagedObject) -> Bool
    )

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of the managed entity that defines the object to create.

`handler`

    

A closure that inserts data into the managed entity.

## Return Value

A batch-insertion request.

## Discussion

Core Data repeatedly calls the provided closure until it returns `true`, then
finishes the request and saves the data.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init()`

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init(entity:objects:)

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        entity: NSEntityDescription,
        objects dictionaries: [[String : Any]]
    )

##  Parameters

`entity`

    

The managed entity to insert data into.

`dictionaries`

    

An array of dictionaries that represents objects to insert. Each dictionary
contains an attribute name key and a value.

## Return Value

A batch-insertion request.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init()`

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init(entityName:objects:)

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        entityName: String,
        objects dictionaries: [[String : Any]]
    )

##  Parameters

`entityName`

    

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`dictionaries`

    

An array of dictionaries that represents objects to insert. Each dictionary
contains an attribute name key and a value.

## Return Value

A batch-insertion request.

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init()`

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init()

Creates a Core Data batch-insertion request.

iOS 13.0–14.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 13.0–14.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.15–11.0
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–14.0  Deprecated  tvOS 13.0–14.0  Deprecated
watchOS 6.0–7.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    convenience init()

## See Also

### Creating a Request

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) ->
Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entityName: String, dictionaryHandler: (NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that provides data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, managedObjectHandler: (NSManagedObject) -> Bool)`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and specifies a
closure that inserts data into the entity.

`init(entity: NSEntityDescription, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a managed entity, and provides an array
of data dictionaries for insertion.

`init(entityName: String, objects: [[String : Any]])`

Creates a batch-insertion request for a named managed entity, and provides an
array of data dictionaries for insertion.

Instance Property

# dictionaryHandler

A closure that provides a dictionary for your app to insert data into.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var dictionaryHandler: ((NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The managed entity to insert data into.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`var managedObjectHandler: ((NSManagedObject) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a managed object for your app to insert data into.

`var objectsToInsert: [[String : Any]]?`

An array of dictionaries that represents the objects to insert with the keys
as attribute names and their assigned values.

`var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

Instance Property

# entity

The managed entity to insert data into.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entity: NSEntityDescription? { get }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var dictionaryHandler: ((NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a dictionary for your app to insert data into.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`var managedObjectHandler: ((NSManagedObject) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a managed object for your app to insert data into.

`var objectsToInsert: [[String : Any]]?`

An array of dictionaries that represents the objects to insert with the keys
as attribute names and their assigned values.

`var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

Instance Property

# entityName

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var entityName: String { get }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var dictionaryHandler: ((NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a dictionary for your app to insert data into.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The managed entity to insert data into.

`var managedObjectHandler: ((NSManagedObject) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a managed object for your app to insert data into.

`var objectsToInsert: [[String : Any]]?`

An array of dictionaries that represents the objects to insert with the keys
as attribute names and their assigned values.

`var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

Instance Property

# managedObjectHandler

A closure that provides a managed object for your app to insert data into.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  tvOS 14.0+  watchOS
7.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var managedObjectHandler: ((NSManagedObject) -> Bool)? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var dictionaryHandler: ((NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a dictionary for your app to insert data into.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The managed entity to insert data into.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`var objectsToInsert: [[String : Any]]?`

An array of dictionaries that represents the objects to insert with the keys
as attribute names and their assigned values.

`var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

Instance Property

# objectsToInsert

An array of dictionaries that represents the objects to insert with the keys
as attribute names and their assigned values.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var objectsToInsert: [[String : Any]]? { get set }

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var dictionaryHandler: ((NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a dictionary for your app to insert data into.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The managed entity to insert data into.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`var managedObjectHandler: ((NSManagedObject) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a managed object for your app to insert data into.

`var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType`

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

Instance Property

# resultType

The type of result that Core Data returns from this request.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var resultType: NSBatchInsertRequestResultType { get set }

## Discussion

The default is `NSBatchInsertRequestResultType.statusOnly`.

## See Also

### Configuring a Request

`var dictionaryHandler: ((NSMutableDictionary) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a dictionary for your app to insert data into.

`var entity: NSEntityDescription?`

The managed entity to insert data into.

`var entityName: String`

The name of the managed entity to insert data into.

`var managedObjectHandler: ((NSManagedObject) -> Bool)?`

A closure that provides a managed object for your app to insert data into.

`var objectsToInsert: [[String : Any]]?`

An array of dictionaries that represents the objects to insert with the keys
as attribute names and their assigned values.



# NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightDelegate

Initializer

# init(forStoreWith:coordinator:)

Creates a Core Spotlight delegate with the specified store description and
coordinator.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        forStoreWith description: NSPersistentStoreDescription,
        coordinator psc: NSPersistentStoreCoordinator
    )

##  Parameters

`description`

    

An object that describes the persistent store that contains the entities to
index.

`psc`

    

The persistent store coordinator, which you initialize with the managed object
model that contains the definitions of the entities to index.

## Discussion

After you initialize a Core Spotlight delegate, call the
`startSpotlightIndexing()` to begin indexing your store’s contents.

Note

If you initialize your Core Spotlight delegate using this method, you don’t
need to set the `NSCoreDataCoreSpotlightExporter` option on the specified
store description.

## See Also

### Creating a Core Spotlight Delegate

`init(forStoreWith: NSPersistentStoreDescription, model:
NSManagedObjectModel)`

Creates a Core Spotlight delegate with the specified store description and
managed object model.

Deprecated

Initializer

# init(forStoreWith:model:)

Creates a Core Spotlight delegate with the specified store description and
managed object model.

iOS 11.0–15.0  Deprecated  iPadOS 11.0–15.0  Deprecated  macOS 10.13–12.0
Deprecated  Mac Catalyst 13.1–15.0  Deprecated  visionOS 1.0–1.0  Deprecated

    
    
    convenience init(
        forStoreWith description: NSPersistentStoreDescription,
        model: NSManagedObjectModel
    )

Deprecated

Use `init(forStoreWith:coordinator:)` instead.

##  Parameters

`description`

    

An object that describes the persistent store that contains the entities to
index.

`model`

    

The managed object model that contains the definitions of the entities to
index.

## See Also

### Creating a Core Spotlight Delegate

`init(forStoreWith: NSPersistentStoreDescription, coordinator:
NSPersistentStoreCoordinator)`

Creates a Core Spotlight delegate with the specified store description and
coordinator.

Instance Property

# isIndexingEnabled

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data is currently updating the
Core Spotlight index with the persistent store’s entities.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isIndexingEnabled: Bool { get }

## See Also

### Configuring the Index

`func domainIdentifier() -> String`

Returns the domain identifier.

`func indexName() -> String?`

Returns the index’s name.

Instance Method

# domainIdentifier()

Returns the domain identifier.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func domainIdentifier() -> String

## Discussion

The default value is the persistent store’s identifier.

## See Also

### Configuring the Index

`var isIndexingEnabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data is currently updating the
Core Spotlight index with the persistent store’s entities.

`func indexName() -> String?`

Returns the index’s name.

Instance Method

# indexName()

Returns the index’s name.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func indexName() -> String?

## Discussion

The default value is `nil`.

## See Also

### Configuring the Index

`var isIndexingEnabled: Bool`

A Boolean value that indicates whether Core Data is currently updating the
Core Spotlight index with the persistent store’s entities.

`func domainIdentifier() -> String`

Returns the domain identifier.

Instance Method

# attributeSet(for:)

Returns the searchable attributes for the specified managed object.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func attributeSet(for object: NSManagedObject) -> CSSearchableItemAttributeSet?

##  Parameters

`object`

    

The managed object to index.

## Return Value

An instance of `CSSearchableItemAttributeSet` that provides the searchable
item’s attributes.

## Discussion

Important

If you enable `isIndexedBySpotlight` on a property description that describes
a relationship, override this method and return the necessary set of
attributes. Core Data doesn’t automatically infer indexable information for
relationships.

To prevent Core Spotlight from indexing a specific managed object, override
this method and return `nil` for that object.

## See Also

### Managing the Index

`func deleteSpotlightIndex(completionHandler: ((any Error)?) -> Void)`

Deletes all searchable items from the configured index.

`func startSpotlightIndexing()`

Starts the indexing of the store’s entities.

`func stopSpotlightIndexing()`

Stops the indexing of the store’s entities.

Instance Method

# deleteSpotlightIndex(completionHandler:)

Deletes all searchable items from the configured index.

iOS 14.0+  iPadOS 14.0+  macOS 11.0+  Mac Catalyst 14.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func deleteSpotlightIndex(completionHandler: @escaping ((any Error)?) -> Void)

## Discussion

Concurrency Note

You can call this method from synchronous code using a completion handler, as
shown on this page, or you can call it as an asynchronous method that has the
following declaration:

For information about concurrency and asynchronous code in Swift, see Calling
Objective-C APIs Asynchronously.

The closure returns no value and takes only a single parameter, which is an
error object that contains information about issues preventing the deletion of
searchable items, or `nil` if Core Spotlight successfully deletes all
searchable items.

Depending on the cause of the issue, an error can originate from Core Data or
from Core Spotlight. Make sure your app can handle both scenarios.

Note

You must call `stopSpotlightIndexing()` before you call this method;
otherwise, Core Data immediately recreates the index.

## See Also

### Managing the Index

`func attributeSet(for: NSManagedObject) -> CSSearchableItemAttributeSet?`

Returns the searchable attributes for the specified managed object.

`func startSpotlightIndexing()`

Starts the indexing of the store’s entities.

`func stopSpotlightIndexing()`

Stops the indexing of the store’s entities.

Instance Method

# startSpotlightIndexing()

Starts the indexing of the store’s entities.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func startSpotlightIndexing()

## Discussion

After you call this method, the delegate posts a notification whenever the
index changes. The type of notification is `indexDidUpdateNotification`, and
its `userInfo` dictionary contains the keys `NSStoreUUIDKey` and
`NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey`.

## See Also

### Managing the Index

`func attributeSet(for: NSManagedObject) -> CSSearchableItemAttributeSet?`

Returns the searchable attributes for the specified managed object.

`func deleteSpotlightIndex(completionHandler: ((any Error)?) -> Void)`

Deletes all searchable items from the configured index.

`func stopSpotlightIndexing()`

Stops the indexing of the store’s entities.

Instance Method

# stopSpotlightIndexing()

Stops the indexing of the store’s entities.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func stopSpotlightIndexing()

## Discussion

After you call this method, the delegate no longer posts notifications about
index changes.

## See Also

### Managing the Index

`func attributeSet(for: NSManagedObject) -> CSSearchableItemAttributeSet?`

Returns the searchable attributes for the specified managed object.

`func deleteSpotlightIndex(completionHandler: ((any Error)?) -> Void)`

Deletes all searchable items from the configured index.

`func startSpotlightIndexing()`

Starts the indexing of the store’s entities.

Type Property

# indexDidUpdateNotification

The notification the delegate posts after Spotlight updates the index.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode
13.0+

    
    
    static let indexDidUpdateNotification: Notification.Name

## Discussion

The notification’s `userInfo` dictionary contains the keys `NSStoreUUIDKey`
and `NSPersistentHistoryTokenKey`.

## See Also

### Updating the Index

`func searchableIndex(CSSearchableIndex,
reindexAllSearchableItemsWithAcknowledgementHandler: () -> Void)`

Reindexes all searchable items and clears any local state.

`func searchableIndex(CSSearchableIndex,
reindexSearchableItemsWithIdentifiers: [String], acknowledgementHandler: () ->
Void)`

Reindexes the searchable items for the specified identifiers.

Instance Method

# searchableIndex(_:reindexAllSearchableItemsWithAcknowledgementHandler:)

Reindexes all searchable items and clears any local state.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func searchableIndex(
        _ searchableIndex: CSSearchableIndex,
        reindexAllSearchableItemsWithAcknowledgementHandler acknowledgementHandler: @escaping () -> Void
    )

##  Parameters

`searchableIndex`

    

The index that requires reindexing.

`acknowledgementHandler`

    

The handler to call when you finish saving client state information.

## Discussion

For more information, see
`searchableIndex(_:reindexAllSearchableItemsWithAcknowledgementHandler:)`.

## See Also

### Updating the Index

`static let indexDidUpdateNotification: Notification.Name`

The notification the delegate posts after Spotlight updates the index.

`func searchableIndex(CSSearchableIndex,
reindexSearchableItemsWithIdentifiers: [String], acknowledgementHandler: () ->
Void)`

Reindexes the searchable items for the specified identifiers.

Instance Method

#
searchableIndex(_:reindexSearchableItemsWithIdentifiers:acknowledgementHandler:)

Reindexes the searchable items for the specified identifiers.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    func searchableIndex(
        _ searchableIndex: CSSearchableIndex,
        reindexSearchableItemsWithIdentifiers identifiers: [String],
        acknowledgementHandler: @escaping () -> Void
    )

##  Parameters

`searchableIndex`

    

The index that contains the items that require reindexing.

`identifiers`

    

An array of strings that identify the searchable items.

`acknowledgementHandler`

    

The handler to call when you finish saving client state information.

## Discussion

For more information, see
`searchableIndex(_:reindexSearchableItemsWithIdentifiers:acknowledgementHandler:)`.

## See Also

### Updating the Index

`static let indexDidUpdateNotification: Notification.Name`

The notification the delegate posts after Spotlight updates the index.

`func searchableIndex(CSSearchableIndex,
reindexAllSearchableItemsWithAcknowledgementHandler: () -> Void)`

Reindexes all searchable items and clears any local state.



# NSBatchInsertRequestResultType

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchInsertRequestResultType.statusOnly

A value that indicates that the return type is a Boolean value representing
whether the batch-insertion request succeeded.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case statusOnly = 0

## See Also

### Request Types

`case objectIDs`

A value that indicates the return type is an array of object IDs that
corresponds to the inserted rows.

`case count`

A value that indicates that the return type is the number of inserted rows.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchInsertRequestResultType.objectIDs

A value that indicates the return type is an array of object IDs that
corresponds to the inserted rows.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case objectIDs = 1

## See Also

### Request Types

`case statusOnly`

A value that indicates that the return type is a Boolean value representing
whether the batch-insertion request succeeded.

`case count`

A value that indicates that the return type is the number of inserted rows.

Enumeration Case

# NSBatchInsertRequestResultType.count

A value that indicates that the return type is the number of inserted rows.

iOS 13.0+  iPadOS 13.0+  macOS 10.15+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 13.0+  watchOS
6.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    case count = 2

## See Also

### Request Types

`case statusOnly`

A value that indicates that the return type is a Boolean value representing
whether the batch-insertion request succeeded.

`case objectIDs`

A value that indicates the return type is an array of object IDs that
corresponds to the inserted rows.



# NSConstraintConflict

Initializer

# init(constraint:database:databaseSnapshot:conflicting:conflictingSnapshots:)

Initializes a constraint conflict.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        constraint contraint: [String],
        database databaseObject: NSManagedObject?,
        databaseSnapshot: [AnyHashable : Any]?,
        conflicting conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject],
        conflictingSnapshots: [Any]
    )

Instance Property

# conflictingObjects

The managed objects that are in conflict.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject] { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting a Conflict

`var conflictingSnapshots: [[AnyHashable : Any]]`

The original property values of objects in violation of the constraint.

`var constraint: [String]`

The constraint that has been violated.

`var constraintValues: [String : Any]`

The values that the conflicting objects had when the conflict was created.

`var databaseObject: NSManagedObject?`

The object whose database row is using constraint values.

`var databaseSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

The values currently stored in the database.

Instance Property

# conflictingSnapshots

The original property values of objects in violation of the constraint.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var conflictingSnapshots: [[AnyHashable : Any]] { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting a Conflict

`var conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject]`

The managed objects that are in conflict.

`var constraint: [String]`

The constraint that has been violated.

`var constraintValues: [String : Any]`

The values that the conflicting objects had when the conflict was created.

`var databaseObject: NSManagedObject?`

The object whose database row is using constraint values.

`var databaseSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

The values currently stored in the database.

Instance Property

# constraint

The constraint that has been violated.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var constraint: [String] { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting a Conflict

`var conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject]`

The managed objects that are in conflict.

`var conflictingSnapshots: [[AnyHashable : Any]]`

The original property values of objects in violation of the constraint.

`var constraintValues: [String : Any]`

The values that the conflicting objects had when the conflict was created.

`var databaseObject: NSManagedObject?`

The object whose database row is using constraint values.

`var databaseSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

The values currently stored in the database.

Instance Property

# constraintValues

The values that the conflicting objects had when the conflict was created.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var constraintValues: [String : Any] { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting a Conflict

`var conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject]`

The managed objects that are in conflict.

`var conflictingSnapshots: [[AnyHashable : Any]]`

The original property values of objects in violation of the constraint.

`var constraint: [String]`

The constraint that has been violated.

`var databaseObject: NSManagedObject?`

The object whose database row is using constraint values.

`var databaseSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

The values currently stored in the database.

Instance Property

# databaseObject

The object whose database row is using constraint values.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var databaseObject: NSManagedObject? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting a Conflict

`var conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject]`

The managed objects that are in conflict.

`var conflictingSnapshots: [[AnyHashable : Any]]`

The original property values of objects in violation of the constraint.

`var constraint: [String]`

The constraint that has been violated.

`var constraintValues: [String : Any]`

The values that the conflicting objects had when the conflict was created.

`var databaseSnapshot: [String : Any]?`

The values currently stored in the database.

Instance Property

# databaseSnapshot

The values currently stored in the database.

iOS 9.0+  iPadOS 9.0+  macOS 10.11+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 9.0+  watchOS
2.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var databaseSnapshot: [String : Any]? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting a Conflict

`var conflictingObjects: [NSManagedObject]`

The managed objects that are in conflict.

`var conflictingSnapshots: [[AnyHashable : Any]]`

The original property values of objects in violation of the constraint.

`var constraint: [String]`

The constraint that has been violated.

`var constraintValues: [String : Any]`

The values that the conflicting objects had when the conflict was created.

`var databaseObject: NSManagedObject?`

The object whose database row is using constraint values.



# NSFetchIndexElementDescription

Initializer

# init(property:collationType:)

Creates an index element description using the specified property description
and collation type.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    init(
        property: NSPropertyDescription,
        collationType: NSFetchIndexElementType
    )

Instance Property

# collationType

The type of collation that the index element uses, either binary or R-tree.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var collationType: NSFetchIndexElementType { get set }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Element Description

`var indexDescription: NSFetchIndexDescription?`

`var isAscending: Bool`

A Boolean value that controls whether an index that supports direction is an
ascending or descending index.

`var property: NSPropertyDescription?`

A property description.

`var propertyName: String?`

The specified name in the property description.

Instance Property

# indexDescription

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    unowned(unsafe) var indexDescription: NSFetchIndexDescription? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Element Description

`var collationType: NSFetchIndexElementType`

The type of collation that the index element uses, either binary or R-tree.

`var isAscending: Bool`

A Boolean value that controls whether an index that supports direction is an
ascending or descending index.

`var property: NSPropertyDescription?`

A property description.

`var propertyName: String?`

The specified name in the property description.

Instance Property

# isAscending

A Boolean value that controls whether an index that supports direction is an
ascending or descending index.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var isAscending: Bool { get set }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Element Description

`var collationType: NSFetchIndexElementType`

The type of collation that the index element uses, either binary or R-tree.

`var indexDescription: NSFetchIndexDescription?`

`var property: NSPropertyDescription?`

A property description.

`var propertyName: String?`

The specified name in the property description.

Instance Property

# property

A property description.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var property: NSPropertyDescription? { get }

## Discussion

This property may also be an `NSExpressionDescription` that expresses a
function.

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Element Description

`var collationType: NSFetchIndexElementType`

The type of collation that the index element uses, either binary or R-tree.

`var indexDescription: NSFetchIndexDescription?`

`var isAscending: Bool`

A Boolean value that controls whether an index that supports direction is an
ascending or descending index.

`var propertyName: String?`

The specified name in the property description.

Instance Property

# propertyName

The specified name in the property description.

iOS 11.0+  iPadOS 11.0+  macOS 10.13+  Mac Catalyst 13.1+  tvOS 11.0+  watchOS
4.0+  visionOS 1.0+

    
    
    var propertyName: String? { get }

## See Also

### Inspecting an Index Element Description

`var collationType: NSFetchIndexElementType`

The type of collation that the index element uses, either binary or R-tree.

`var indexDescription: NSFetchIndexDescription?`

`var isAscending: Bool`

A Boolean value that controls whether an index that supports direction is an
ascending or descending index.

`var property: NSPropertyDescription?`

A property description.



# NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType.enqueued

The enqueued scheduled task type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    case enqueued

## Discussion

Enqueued tasks execute asynchronously on the context’s queue. An enqueued task
encapsulates an autorelease pool and a call to `processPendingChanges()`, and
its behavior is analogous to `perform(_:)`. The context’s queue executes tasks
in the order you add them.

## See Also

### Scheduled Task Types

`case immediate`

The immediate scheduled task type.

Enumeration Case

# NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType.immediate

The immediate scheduled task type.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    case immediate

## Discussion

Immediate tasks execute right away if the context operates within the current
scope; otherwise, the context enqueues the task. Tasks of this type are
reentrant, nonblocking, and continuation-aware.

## See Also

### Scheduled Task Types

`case enqueued`

The enqueued scheduled task type.

Instance Property

# hashValue

The scheduled task type’s computed hash value.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    var hashValue: Int { get }

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `Hashable`

## See Also

### Hashing a Scheduled Task Type

`func hash(into: inout Hasher)`

Hashes the components of the scheduled task type using the provided hasher.

Instance Method

# hash(into:)

Hashes the components of the scheduled task type using the provided hasher.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher)

##  Parameters

`hasher`

    

The hasher to use when combining components of this scheduled task type.

## Relationships

### From Protocol

  * `Hashable`

## See Also

### Hashing a Scheduled Task Type

`var hashValue: Int`

The scheduled task type’s computed hash value.

Operator

# ==(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether two scheduled task types are
equal.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static func == (a: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType, b: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`a`

    

A scheduled task type to compare.

`b`

    

Another scheduled task type to compare.

## See Also

### Comparing Scheduled Task Types

`static func != (NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType,
NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

Operator

# !=(_:_:)

Returns a Boolean value indicating whether two values are not equal.

iOS 15.0+  iPadOS 15.0+  macOS 12.0+  Mac Catalyst 15.0+  tvOS 15.0+  watchOS
8.0+  visionOS 1.0+  Xcode 13.0+

    
    
    static func != (lhs: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType, rhs: NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType) -> Bool

##  Parameters

`lhs`

    

A value to compare.

`rhs`

    

Another value to compare.

## Discussion

Inequality is the inverse of equality. For any values `a` and `b`, `a != b`
implies that `a == b` is `false`.

This is the default implementation of the not-equal-to operator (`!=`) for any
type that conforms to `Equatable`.

## See Also

### Comparing Scheduled Task Types

`static func == (NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType,
NSManagedObjectContext.ScheduledTaskType) -> Bool`

Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether two scheduled task types are
equal.



