##  Accessibility in SwiftUI

10 Sep 2019

This week I want to talk to you about _Accessibility in SwiftUI_ . SwiftUI
provides a ready to use accessibility implementation for standard User
Interface elements like _Text, Button, Toggle, etc_ . In most of the cases,
you don’t need to do something additional to make it work. But I will show how
you can modify the accessibility tree by using accessibility modifiers to
improve your User Experience.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  Accessibility modifiers

SwiftUI provides a bunch of accessibility modifiers for any view. By using
accessibility modifiers, you can easily set label and value for a view, add
accessibility traits and actions.

Assume that we are working on _BarChart_ component and we want to make every
_Bar_ accessible to VoiceOver and VoiceControl users. Let’s take a look at how
we can do that by adding accessibility modifiers to custom shape view.

    
    
    struct BarsView: View {
        let bars: [Bar]
    
        private var max: Double {
            bars.map { $0.value }.max() ?? 0
        }
    
        var body: some View {
            GeometryReader { container in
                HStack(alignment: .bottom, spacing: 1) {
                    ForEach(self.bars, id: \.self) { bar in
                        Capsule()
                            .fill(bar.legend.color)
                            .accessibility(label: Text(bar.label))
                            .accessibility(value: Text(bar.legend.label))
                            .frame(height: CGFloat(bar.value) / CGFloat(self.max) * container.size.height * 0.8)
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

In the example above, we use multiple overloaded versions of accessibility
modifier to set label and value on a capsule shape.

####  Accessibility tree

Let’s talk about accessibility path of every view. SwiftUI builds
accessibility tree for the entire screen and provides it to VoiceOver or any
other assistive technology. VoiceOver reads the accessibility tree from top to
bottom and allows to user navigate through it via short swipes.

SwiftUI allows us to modify the accessibility tree in different ways. For
example, we can change the order used by VoiceOver to navigate through the
tree. To do that we have to use accessibility modifier with sort priority
parameter.

We also can hide some elements in the accessibility tree by using another
overloaded version of accessibility modifier. It accepts a boolean parameter
indicating whenever element should be hidden or not.

    
    
    VStack {
        BarsView(bars: bars)
        LabelsView(bars: bars, labelsCount: labelsCount)
            .accessibility(hidden: true)
        LegendView(bars: bars)
            .padding()
            .accessibility(sortPriority: 1)
    }
    

In the recent example, we use accessibility with sort priority parameter to
reorder accessibility tree of the view. By default, every view has a priority
equals to zero. **Remember that higher numbers appear first.**

####  AccessibilityChildBehavior

Sometimes we need to combine accessibility elements inside any view and assign
it to a parent view as a single accessibility element. It becomes super handy
when you want to make your cells easily navigable with VoiceOver. You can
combine accessibility elements inside it into a single element attached to the
cell itself. We can do that by using _accessibilityElement_ modifier. Let’s
take a look at a quick example.

    
    
    struct SleepDetailsRow: View {
        let value: String
        let symbol: String
        let description: String
    
        var body: some View {
            HStack {
                Text(description)
                    .foregroundColor(.secondary)
                    .font(.body)
    
                Spacer()
    
                Text(value)
                    .font(.headline)
                    +
                    Text(symbol)
                        .font(.subheadline)
            }.accessibilityElement(children: .combine)
        }
    }
    

Here we use _accessibilityElement_ modifier with children combine option which
merges all the accessibility information provided by the children into a
single element and assign it to a parent view. _accessibilityElement_ modifier
also allows us to ignore or contain children accessibility information by
using other options provided by _AccessibilityChildBehavior_ .

####  Conclusion

Today we learned how to customize accessibility experience in our apps by
using simple accessibility modifier in SwiftUI. I hope you will use that
information to improve your User Experience. Remember that accessibility isn’t
a feature or a “nice to have.” **It’s a necessity** . So let’s make your app
accessible for everyone. Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions related to this post.
Thanks for reading and see you next week!

