##  Adapting app for iPad with UISplitViewController

03 Apr 2019

Apple promotes iPad as the primary computer for regular users. This trend is
visible during the last couple of years. More and more users start to use iPad
as the main device. I think it is essential to support iPad screens and
efficiently use that space. This week we will talk about adapting apps for
iPad with the help of UISplitViewController.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  Adaptive presentation

As a part of iOS 9 SDK, Apple released an adaptive “show” method on
UIViewController. We have to use this method to present another
UIViewController, here is a quote from Apple Documentation which describes how
it works:

> You use this method to decouple the need to display a view controller from
> the process of actually presenting that view controller onscreen. Using this
> method, a view controller does not need to know whether it is embedded
> inside a navigation controller or split-view controller. It calls the same
> method for both. For example, a navigation controller overrides this method
> and uses it to push UIViewController onto its navigation stack.

This method uses the Responder Chain pattern to find the object which
overrides the “show” method to run it. For example, the UINavigationController
overrides “show” method and calls the “pushViewController” method. When your
UIViewController wrapped in UINavigationController, the “show” will find
UINavigationController’s “show” method in Responder Chain. In the case when
there is no overridden “show” method, it presents UIViewController modally
using root UIViewController.

####  UISplitViewController

Apple provides us with the UISplitViewController which uses the
UIViewController containment feature to show UIViewControllers in Master-
Details flow side-by-side. UISplitViewController uses adaptive “show” and
“showDetailViewController” methods together with trait collection to
understand when there is enough space to show UIViewControllers side-by-side
or shows the master UIViewController only.

Let’s take a look at the UISplitViewController usage sample.

    
    
    @UIApplicationMain
    class AppDelegate: UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate {
        var window: UIWindow?
        let splitViewController = UISplitViewController()
    
        func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
            let masterVC = MasterViewController()
            masterVC.delegate = self
    
            splitViewController.preferredDisplayMode = .automatic
            splitViewController.viewControllers = [
                UINavigationController(rootViewController: masterVC),
                UINavigationController(rootViewController: EmptyViewController())
            ]
            window = UIWindow(frame: UIScreen.main.bounds)
            window?.rootViewController = splitViewController
            window?.makeKeyAndVisible()
            return true
        }
    }
    
    extension AppDelegate: MasterDelegate {
        func start(_ show: Show) {
            let detailsVC = DetailsViewController(show: show)
            splitViewController.showDetailViewController(detailsVC, sender: self)
        }
    }
    
    extension AppDelegate: UISplitViewControllerDelegate {
        func splitViewController(_ splitViewController: UISplitViewController, collapseSecondary secondaryViewController: UIViewController, onto primaryViewController: UIViewController) -> Bool {
            return true
        }
    }
    

Apple recommends using UISplitViewController as window’s root ViewController.
By passing an array with two UIViewController, we set Master-Details flow. You
can use the “show” method to present UIViewController in the Master part of
UISplitViewController or “showDetailViewController” to present in Details
part. When you are running UISplitViewController on iPhone, there is not
enough space and it collapse Details controller. In this case,
“showDetailViewController” method works as the “show” method and present
UIViewController in the master part.

The UISplitViewController has several configuration properties like
“preferredPrimaryColumnWidthFraction” and “maximumPrimaryColumnWidth” which
give us opportunity to setup needed presentation. Another interesting property
here is “preferredDisplayMode” field. It has several options like allVisible,
primaryOverlay, primaryHidden and automatic. By using this property, you
recommend display mode to UISplitViewController, but it can ignore it in the
case when there is not enough space.

![ShowBot-iPad](/public/showbot-ipad-land.png)

UISplitViewController has a UISplitViewControllerDelegate field, where you can
set your own delegate object. By using a delegate object, you can override
some default behaviors of UISplitViewControllers. For example, you can replace
“show” and “showDetailViewController” methods implementation with your custom
one, or implement “collapseSecondary” method where you can decide when you
have to collapse or expand Details UIViewController.

####  Conclusion

This week we discuss how easily we can adapt our apps to iPad screens by
efficiently using all the space. Try to adapt your app for iPad this week and
feel free to contact me via [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) in case of
any problems. Thanks for reading and see you next week!

