##  Animating changes in UITableView and UICollectionView

13 Mar 2019

Most of our apps present lists or grids of some data by using UITableView or
UICollectionView. Often users can update this list by using Pull-to-Refresh
technique or by pressing the update button. Everybody knows how to update
UITableView by calling the reloadData method on the tableView instance. But
what about animation? ReloadData method is invalidating the current items
provided by data source and draws new ones without any animation. Today we
will talk about animating data changes in UITableView and UICollectionView.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  UICollectionView/UITableView animation API

iOS SDK provides particular methods like insertRows, deleteRows, and moveRow
which give us an opportunity to animate changes in our data source. But only a
few apps use this technique to update UITableView and here are two reasons for
that.

  1. It’s hard to calculate what kind of changes applied to your data after the update. 
  2. There is a particular order on animating changes. You should call deletions first and insertions next, and after that make your movement changes. 

I think it’s a little bit complicated, and that’s why not so many apps use
this API. But we are going to find an easy way of animating changes.

####  Understanding the changes

There are a lot of third-party libraries which provide fast diffing algorithm
implementations. Here is a list of the most famous.

  * [ DeepDiff ](https://github.com/onmyway133/DeepDiff)
  * [ Differ ](https://github.com/tonyarnold/Differ)
  * [ ListDiff ](https://github.com/lxcid/ListDiff)

I prefer the second one. It works super fast with my dataset. As a part of
this post, we will use Differ library, but you can choose any library you want
because usually, it provides a similar API.

    
    
    let old = ["1", "2", "3"]
    let new = ["4", "3", "2"]
    
    let diff = old.diff(new)
    

####  Hashable

First of all, we have to implement Hashable protocol on our model types,
thanks to Swift it is super easy, all you need to do is adding Hashable
protocol to your type declaration and compiler will generate all required
code. Here is a sample from my pet project which is a TV show tracking app.

    
    
    struct Show: Hashable {
        let title: String
        let year: Int
        let ids: Ids
        let overview: String
        let runtime: Int
        let certification: String
        let network: String
        let country: String
        let trailer: String?
        let homepage: String?
        let status: String
        let rating: Double
        let votes: Int
        let commentCount: Int
        let updatedAt: Date
        let language: String
        let availableTranslations: [String]
        let genres: [String]
        let airedEpisodes: Int
    }
    

####  Animation API

Most of the diffing libraries provide UICollectionView and UITableView
extensions, which takes oldData, newData, and animate the changes from one
state to another. All you need to do is put new data to your data source and
instead of calling the reloadData method call animateRowChanges method. This
method will handle all the animations based on your changes.

First of all, let’s use the technique which we discussed before [ to hide our
third-party dependencies with extensions ](/2019/02/13/hiding-third-party-
dependencies-with-protocols-and-extensions) .

    
    
    import UIKit
    import Differ
    
    extension UICollectionView {
        func reloadChanges<T: Collection>(from old: T, to new: T) where T.Element: Equatable {
            animateItemChanges(oldData: old, newData: new)
        }
    }
    
    extension UITableView {
        func reloadChanges<T: Collection>(from old: T, to new: T) where T.Element: Equatable {
            animateRowChanges(oldData: old, newData: new)
        }
    }
    

We create an extension which adds a reloadChanges method to UICollectionView
and UITableView. With the help of this extension, you can easily switch
libraries or your implementation by making changes in a single file.

    
    
    func render(_ newData: [Show]) {
        let oldData = dataSource.posters
        dataSource.posters = newData
        collectionView.reloadChanges(from: oldData, to: newData)
    }
    

![ShowBot-animation](/public/showbot-animation.gif)

####  Conclusion

Today we discussed how it is easy to add delight to our apps by animating
changes. This kind of animations makes apps feel natural and fluid. Feel free
to follow me on [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions
related to this post. Thanks for reading and see you next week!

