##  Combine and SwiftUI views

27 Nov 2019

_Combine_ is one of the new frameworks released during WWDC 2019. It provides
a declarative _Swift API_ for processing values over time. Today we will talk
about one of the hidden features of SwiftUI views, which is _onReceive_
modifier. It allows views to subscribe and react as soon as the publisher
emits the value.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  Combine

We didn’t talk much about Combine on my blog, but I mainly use it for handling
asynchronous work. Usually, we have a data layer that is responsible for all
operations in the app, like fetching or saving, and this is the place where
all asynchronous operations take place. To learn more about the modeling app
state, please take a look at [ “Redux-like state container in SwiftUI” post
](/2019/09/18/redux-like-state-container-in-swiftui/) .

But sometimes it is very handy to receive some system-wide notifications in
the view layer. An excellent example of this type of notifications can be
_keyboardWillShowNotification_ . Framework emits this notification as soon as
the system keyboard appears. By listening to this notification, we can
understand when to add some bottom padding to the root view to keep it visible
above the keyboard.

Let’s take a look at how we can subscribe to the _Notification Center_ using
the Combine framework and react to the changes.

    
    
    NotificationCenter.default
        .publisher(for: UIResponder.keyboardWillShowNotification)
        .compactMap { $0.userInfo?[UIResponder.keyboardFrameEndUserInfoKey] as? CGRect }
        .map { $0.height }
        .sink { print("height: \($0)") }
    

As you can see in the example above, the Combine framework provides an
extension for the _Notification Center_ , which allows us to receive and
handle events in a reactive style. Now let’s see how we can use it inside a
SwiftUI view.

####  onReceive modifier

SwiftUI views provide the **onReceive** modifier, which has two arguments: the
_Publisher_ from Combine framework and the closure. SwiftUI subscribes to the
publisher and runs passed closure whenever the publisher emits the value.
Let’s take a look at the sample code now.

    
    
    import SwiftUI
    import Combine
    
    struct ItemsView: View {
        let items: [String]
    
        @State private var keyboardHeight: CGFloat = 0
        private var keyboardHeightPublisher: AnyPublisher<CGFloat, Never> {
            Publishers.Merge(
                NotificationCenter.default
                    .publisher(for: UIResponder.keyboardWillShowNotification)
                    .compactMap { $0.userInfo?[UIResponder.keyboardFrameEndUserInfoKey] as? CGRect }
                    .map { $0.height },
                NotificationCenter.default
                    .publisher(for: UIResponder.keyboardWillHideNotification)
                    .map { _ in CGFloat(0) }
            ).eraseToAnyPublisher()
        }
    
        var body: some View {
            List(items, id: \.self) { item in
                Text(item)
            }
            .padding(.bottom, keyboardHeight)
            .onReceive(keyboardHeightPublisher) { self.keyboardHeight = $0 }
        }
    }
    

In the example above, we ask SwiftUI to update the state with the value
emitted by the publisher, and as soon as state changes, SwiftUI updates our
view with a new bottom padding value, which keeps our view above the keyboard.
We can extract this piece of code into a _ViewModifier_ to make it more
reusable.

    
    
    import SwiftUI
    import Combine
    
    struct KeyboardAwareModifier: ViewModifier {
        @State private var keyboardHeight: CGFloat = 0
    
        private var keyboardHeightPublisher: AnyPublisher<CGFloat, Never> {
            Publishers.Merge(
                NotificationCenter.default
                    .publisher(for: UIResponder.keyboardWillShowNotification)
                    .compactMap { $0.userInfo?[UIResponder.keyboardFrameEndUserInfoKey] as? CGRect }
                    .map { $0.height },
                NotificationCenter.default
                    .publisher(for: UIResponder.keyboardWillHideNotification)
                    .map { _ in CGFloat(0) }
            ).eraseToAnyPublisher()
        }
    
        func body(content: Content) -> some View {
            content
                .padding(.bottom, keyboardHeight)
                .onReceive(keyboardHeightPublisher) { self.keyboardHeight = $0 }
        }
    }
    
    extension View {
        func keyboardAwarePadding() -> some View {
            ModifiedContent(content: self, modifier: KeyboardAwareModifier())
        }
    }
    

To learn more about [ ViewModifiers in SwiftUI, take a look at my dedicated
post ](/2019/08/07/viewmodifiers-in-swiftui/) .

Another good example of handling system-wide notifications can be
_userDidTakeScreenshotNotification_ . Framework emits this notification as
soon the user takes a screenshot of your app. Assume that we are working on
the shopping app where we have a product details screen, and we can present a
share sheet as soon as the user takes the screenshot of the product. Let’s
take a look at how we can achieve this behavior in SwiftUI.

    
    
    import SwiftUI
    
    struct ProductContainerView: View {
        let product: Product
        
        @State private var shareShown = false
        private var screenshotPublisher: AnyPublisher<Notification, Never> {
            NotificationCenter.default
                .publisher(for: UIApplication.userDidTakeScreenshotNotification)
                .eraseToAnyPublisher()
        }
    
        var body: some View {
            ProductDetailsView(product: product)
                .onReceive(screenshotPublisher) { _ in self.shareShown = true }
                .sheet(isPresented: $shareShown) { ShareView(url: self.product.url) }
        }
    }
    

Here we have another excellent example of using the Combine framework in
SwiftUI views to present a share sheet as soon as the user takes a screenshot.

####  Conclusion

Combine framework is a great way to model your data processing, but today we
learned about another interesting usage of publishers in combination with
SwiftUI views. I hope you enjoy the post. Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions related to this post.
Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

