##  GraphQL in Swift

24 Feb 2021

I spent last weeks sharing more about type-safety and building robust APIs in
Swift. I want to continue the type-safety topic by talking about GraphQL.
GraphQL is a query language for your API. This week we will talk about the
benefits of GraphQL, and we will learn how to utilize it in Swift.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  Basics

Let me introduce GraphQL first. GraphQL is a query language for your API.
Usually, a backend developer or web service should provide you a schema file
and a single GraphQL endpoint. Schema file contains all the types and queries
which you can make with the particular endpoint. Let’s take a look at the
example of the schema file.

    
    
    schema {
      query: Query
      mutation: Mutation
    }
    
    type Query {
      film(id: ID, filmID: ID): Film
      allFilms(after: String, first: Int, before: String, last: Int): FilmsConnection
      """more code here"""
    }
    

The schema file should contain _Query_ and _Mutation_ types. These types
define all the queries and mutations that the current GraphQL endpoint
supports. The schema file also describes the list of all the types that you
can use in your queries.

    
    
    type Film implements Node {
      title: String!
    
      episodeID: Int
    
      openingCrawl: String
    
      director: String!
    }
    

GraphQL is a strongly typed language. Every field defined inside a GraphQL
custom type must declare its type. By default, every field can contain nil as
a value. The fields having exclamation marks can’t be nil.

I use Star Wars API to show you examples in this post. Let’s continue by
making some queries. You can easily play with GraphQL API using the GraphiQL
app by using this [ endpoint ](https://swapi-
graphql.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/index) .

    
    
    query AllFilms {
      allFilms {
        films {
          title
        }
      }
    }
    
    """response:
    {
      "data": {
        "allFilms": {
          "films": [
            {
              "title": "A New Hope"
            },
            {
              "title": "The Empire Strikes Back"
            },
            {
              "title": "Return of the Jedi"
            },
            {
              "title": "The Phantom Menace"
            },
            {
              "title": "Attack of the Clones"
            },
            {
              "title": "Revenge of the Sith"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    """
    

As you can see, we use the data types from the schema file to build our query.
One thing that I love about GraphQL is the response format. Request format is
directly mapped to the response format. You can add more fields to your
request, and the response will have them also.

    
    
    query AllFilms {
      allFilms {
        films {
          title
          director
        }
      }
    }
    
    """response
    {
      "data": {
        "allFilms": {
          "films": [
            {
              "title": "A New Hope",
              "director": "George Lucas"
            },
            {
              "title": "The Empire Strikes Back",
              "director": "Irvin Kershner"
            },
            {
              "title": "Return of the Jedi",
              "director": "Richard Marquand"
            },
            {
              "title": "The Phantom Menace",
              "director": "George Lucas"
            },
            {
              "title": "Attack of the Clones",
              "director": "George Lucas"
            },
            {
              "title": "Revenge of the Sith",
              "director": "George Lucas"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    """
    

Using GraphQL we only get the data that we request. Nothing more.

####  ApolloGraphQL

ApolloGraphQL is a great framework that allows you easily make GraphQL queries
and mutations. ApolloGraphQL iOS framework takes care of caching and code
generation. ApolloGraphQL generates Swift types for queries and mutations that
you define in your project. It saves your time by generating all the
boilerplate for you automatically.

There are a few steps that you need to do to setup ApolloGraphQL in your
project:

  1. You should embed ApolloGraphQL into your project using SPM or another package manager. 
  2. Add [ run script ](https://gist.github.com/mecid/6b19cc006939855748604de16bf12eca) to your build phases above the compile sources section. This script downloads the schema and generates Swift types for your queries. You can easily change the GraphQL endpoint in this script to connect to your GraphQL backend. 

We have prepared the project to use ApolloGraphQL. Now we can add the first
query to our project. We should create a file in the project with the .graphql
extension and put these lines into the file.

    
    
    query AllFilms {
      allFilms {
        films {
          title
          director
        }
      }
    }
    

Let’s build the project now. ApolloGraphQL generates an API.swift file that
you should add to the project. There are all the needed types to make GraphQL
queries in a very type-safe way. Every request type defines its response type.
ApolloGraphQL generated _AllFilmsQuery_ and _Data_ types that describe the
request and response. Now we can use generated code to make GraphQL requests.

    
    
    let url = URL(string: "https://swapi-graphql.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/index")!
    let client = ApolloClient(url: url)
    
    client.fetch(query: AllFilmsQuery()) { result in
        switch result {
        case .success(let response):
            print(response.data?.allFilms?.films ?? [])
        case .failure(let error):
            print(error)
        }
    }
    

####  Conclusion

There are a lot of benefits of GraphQL over REST API. But remember, everything
comes with its own set of pros and cons. GraphQL is a great way to build an
efficient and type-safe backend for your app. I will try to cover more
advanced features of GraphQL in the next posts. I hope you enjoy the post.
Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your
questions related to this article. Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

