##  Make your app accessible for everyone

09 Jul 2018

Last few months I was working on implementing Accessibility support for my
app. During this years WWDC I’ve visited all Accessibility related sessions
and Labs to improve my knowledge and catch some best practices from Apple
Engineers. So now I’m finished my work and finally ready to share with you
story of my Accessibility way.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

First of all, I would like to mention that Apple had done a great job with
Accessibility framework. Most of the things handled by the system without our
action. All the UIKit controls have Accessibility support out of the box.
_UIButton, UILabel, UISegmentedControl, UISwitch,_ etc. are ready to be used
by assistive technologies like VoiceOver, Switch Control, etc. If you’re not
familiar with VoiceOver technology, I suggest watching this [ talk
](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/226/) from last WWDC event.

Let’s check out my app called [ CardioBot
](https://cardiobot.swiftwithmajid.com) . It is Heart Rate analyzer for iOS
and watchOS. CardioBot has a massive amount of data presented in charts and
other visual ways, which are custom views and don’t support Accessibility out
of the box. Good news is that it is easy to add Accessibility support to our
custom views.

![CardioBot](/public/cardiobot.jpg)

####  Group elements inside cells

As you can see on the first screen, I have a _UICollectionView_ which
represents the current month with cells for every day. DayCell is a class
which uses two labels to describe daily information: date and average heart
rate. I am also using label background color to express the heart rate zone.
VoiceOver users are moving through the app by using right and left swipe
gestures. These gestures navigate VoiceOver focus on next and previous
elements respectively. So VoiceOver focus will switch from label to label and
read the text content of every label. However, this is not very easy for
users; they have to do many swipes to understand the data. I would like to ask
VoiceOver to focus on cell entire, not on every label inside and read the
specially formatted string as cell content.

    
    
    self.isAccessibilityElement = true
    self.accessibilityLabel = "\(date), \(value) - \(status)"
    self.accessibilityTraits |= UIAccessibilityTraitButton
    

Setting _isAccessibilityElement_ property to true on _UICollectionViewCell_
makes it appear as a single Accessibility element. I am also set a formatted
string to _accessibilityLabel_ property to make it easier to understand data
which presented by this cell. To describe the action which user can do on the
cell, I am using _UIAccessibilityTraitButton_ trait. This trait indicates to
VoiceOver that it is a button and can be selected or activated by the user. So
when VoiceOver focused on the DayCell, it pronounces the phrase like:
“December 1st, 69 — Resting. Button.” When the user swipes right to next
element VoiceOver pronounces: “December 2nd, 78 — High resting. Button.”

####  Charts

On the second screen, you can see that I use a custom view to display a chart
of heart rate zones during the day. To make it accessible just set to true
_isAccessibilityElement_ property, set formatted string as
_accessibilityLabel_ and add _UIAccessibilityTraitStaticText_ trait to
_accessibilityTraits_ property of the custom view. I wrote small Formatter
class which generates a string from heart rate data. So when VoiceOver focuses
on chart view, it pronounces phrase like: “Low — 12%, Resting — 64%, High
Resting — 16%, Elevated — 7%”.

On the third screen, CardioBot displays a detailed heart rate chart with a
4-minute interval. I would like to make it possible to focus VoiceOver on
every bar inside the chart, pronounce the time and value for a selected period
and easily move between the bars. As I say before this is a custom view with
the overridden _drawInRect_ method which handles plotting logic that’s why we
don’t have accessibility support out of the box here. Happily, we have a
particular API for this kind of situations. We can set an array of
Accessibility elements inside a custom view.

    
    
    let elements = statistics.enumerated().map {
        let frame = CGRect(
            x: 0, 
            y: CGFloat($0 * Layout.barHeight), 
            width: bounds.width, 
            height: Layout.barHeight
        )
        
        let element = UIAccessibilityElement(accessibilityContainer: self)
        element.accessibilityLabel = $1.time
        element.accessibilityValue = "\(Int($1.value)), \($1.status)"
        element.accessibilityFrameInContainerSpace = frame
        return element
    }
    
    self.accessibilityElements = elements
    

Pay attention to _accessibilityFrameInContainerSpace_ property which is a
frame inside chart view which used to highlight focused area by VoiceOver.

####  Traits

Accessibility trait is a type of accessibility element which used by VoiceOver
to describe available actions on it. For example,
_UIAccessibilityTraitAdjustable_ trait used to describe adjustable elements
like _UISlider_ . When VoiceOver focused on the adjustable view user can use
swipe up and swipe down gestures to increment or decrement the value of the
component. That’s why you have to implement _accessibilityIncrement_ and
_accessibilityDecrement_ methods of _UIAccessibilityAction_ protocol to handle
these gestures.

Another useful trait is _UIAccessibilityTraitHeader_ . Marking section header
labels with this trait add the opportunity for VoiceOver to recognize sections
and navigate between them by using rotor navigation.

Day details screen has various sections like Summary, HRV, Sleep, Weekly
sleep, Workout. For example every morning I would like to check out how
healthy was my sleep and I don’t need to navigate to the Sleep section through
all these elements. To use the rotor, rotate two fingers on your iOS device’s
screen as if you’re turning a dial. VoiceOver will say the first rotor option.
Keep rotating your fingers to hear more options. Lift your fingers to choose
an option. After selecting the headings option, flick your finger up or down
on the screen to use it.

####  Exit gesture

VoiceOver users use two fingers Z-gesture to go back to the previous screen or
close modal window. Handling of this gesture implemented by default for
_UINavigationController_ and _UIStoryboard_ segues, and you don’t need to do
something to achieve this behavior. However, sometimes we are showing
_UIViewController_ by calling _present()_ method, in this case, we have to
override _accessibilityPerformEscape_ method on presented _UIViewController_
and call _dismiss()_ manually to exit.

####  Hints

Another interesting property on _UIAccessibility_ protocol is
_accessibilityHint_ . This property used by VoiceOver to describe the result
of action on accessibility element. For example, I use it to indicate to users
that activating chart control display the detailed chart. Be careful and don’t
put here some valuable data because the user can disable this feature and
VoiceOver will ignore hint labels. Follow these guidelines to describe your
hints in a clean way.

####  Small things matter

Besides the heart rate analysis CardioBot also shows some activity summary
like total step count, walking distance and calories. I use HealthKit to
calculate all this stuff. Some of my users have motor disabilities and use a
wheelchair to move around. For this users, I apply another query to calculate
wheelchair pushes instead of steps. It takes me about 30 minutes to implement
this feature, but my users were pleased.

####  Conclusion

I suggest you watch this two sessions from WWDC18:

  1. [ VoiceOver: App Testing Beyond The Visuals ](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/226/)
  2. [ Deliver an Exceptional Accessibility Experience ](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/230/)

Accessibility isn’t a feature or a “nice to have.” **It’s a necessity** . So
let’s make your app accessible for everyone.

