##  Navigation with Flow Controllers

20 Feb 2019

Last month I started refactoring navigation flow in my pet project. I’ve been
using Coordinator pattern for a while, but now I decide to switch to a more
native and simple approach like Flow Controllers. Today we will talk about
Flow Controllers and why it is more native than Coordinators.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  Coordinators

Coordinator is a plain object which handles the navigation flow. It owns
rootViewController, where it pushes next ViewControllers. ViewControllers and
Coordinators talk with each other by delegates. It gives us an opportunity to
keep ViewControllers reusable, by extracting navigation knowledge from them.
More about Coordinator pattern you can read in the original [ post by Soroush
Khanlou ](http://khanlou.com/2015/01/the-coordinator/) .

The one huge problem which I have with Coordinator pattern is keeping it in
sync with ViewController hierarchy. Every Coordinator has a childCoordinators
field which is used to keep navigation sub-flows. Users can finish sub-flow
anytime they want by pressing back button in the navigation bar. Coordinators
by default can’t handle this situation, and our child coordinator will live in
childCoordinators array forever, which leads to huge memory leak.

To fix this problem, we have to implement a navigation controller delegate in
a coordinator to understand when the user finishes flow by pressing back
button and remove child coordinator from the array. This solution described
very well in the original [ post ](http://khanlou.com/2017/05/back-buttons-
and-coordinators/) . I think we can avoid this complexity and boilerplate by
using Flow Controllers.

####  Flow Controllers

Flow Controller is a UIViewController subclass which handles navigation flow
by using ViewController containment feature. Let’s dive into the code example.
Assume that we have Master-Details flow, where our app navigates from product
list screen to product details.

    
    
    import UIKit
    
    class ProductsFlowController: UIViewController {
        private let navigation = UINavigationController()
    
        override func viewDidLoad() {
            super.viewDidLoad()
            let productsVC = ProductListViewController()
            productsVC.delegate = self
            navigation.show(productsVC, sender: self)
            add(navigation)
        }
    }
    
    protocol ProductsFlowControllerDelegate: AnyObject {
        func startDetails(for productId: Int)
    }
    
    extension ProductsFlowController: ProductsFlowControllerDelegate {
        func startDetails(for productId: Int) {
            let productVC = ProductDetailsViewController(productId: productId)
            navigation.show(productVC, sender: self)
        }
    }
    

As you can see, ProductsFlowController creates UINavigationController, add it
as a child, then it pushes ProductListViewController to the
NavigationController which it owns. It also sets delegate to
ProductListViewController which will be used to ask FlowController to show
details of the selected product.

Here is my extension which I use to add child ViewControllers to a parent.

    
    
    extension UIViewController {
        func add(_ child: UIViewController) {
            addChild(child)
            view.addSubview(child.view)
            child.didMove(toParent: self)
        }
    }
    

####  Handling sub-flows with Flow Controllers

Let’s take a look at another example where we have to start sub-flow which
handled by separated Flow Controller.

    
    
    extension ProductsFlowController: ProductsFlowControllerDelegate {
        func startDetails(for productId: Int) {
            let detailsFlow = DetailsFlowController(productId: productId)
            navigation.show(detailsFlow, sender: self)
        }
    }
    

In this example, we start DetailsFlowController which handles another flow. We
don’t need to add it to childs array as we do it with Coordinators. It is
plain UIViewController, as soon as the user presses the back button in the
navigation bar, UINavigationController will remove this Flow Controller both
from the screen and the memory. As you can see by using UIViewController as
FlowControllers, we don’t need to deal with the synchronization between flow
and visible ViewController. It is coming out of the box from iOS SDK.

####  AppFlowController

Very often we are using UITabBarController as a rootViewController in our app.
Let’s extract tab configuration from AppDelegate and wrap inside
AppFlowController. Here is a quick example of this idea.

    
    
    import UIKit
    
    class AppFlowViewController: UIViewController {
        private let tabController = UITabBarController()
    
        override func viewDidLoad() {
            super.viewDidLoad()
            tabController.viewControllers = [ProductsFlowController()]
            add(tabController)
        }
    }
    
    @UIApplicationMain
    class AppDelegate: UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate {
        var window: UIWindow?
    
        func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
            window = UIWindow(frame: UIScreen.main.bounds)
            window?.rootViewController = AppFlowViewController()
            window?.makeKeyAndVisible()
            return true
        }
    }
    

As you can see in the example above, we create AppFlowController which creates
UITabBarController and populate every tab with separated navigation flow.

####  Conclusion

Today we talked about navigation flow and how we can extract it into Flow
Controllers by using ViewController containment feature. It gives us an
opportunity to reuse our ViewControllers and make them more testable. We will
continue to cover ViewController containment feature in next posts.

Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your
questions related to this post. Thanks for reading and see you next week!

