##  Optimizing views in SwiftUI using EquatableView

22 Jan 2020

SwiftUI provides us a very fast and easy to use diffing algorithm, but as you
might know, diffing is a linear operation. It means that diffing will be very
fast for simple layouts and can take some time for a complicated layout.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

I have good news for you. SwiftUI allows us to replace the standalone diffing
algorithm with our custom logic. This week we will talk about optimizing our
SwiftUI layouts using the equatable modifier.

####  Diffing in SwiftUI

As you remember, we already talked about diffing in SwiftUI, but let me remind
how it works. Whenever you change the source of truth for your views like
_@State_ or _@ObservableObject_ , SwiftUI runs _body_ property of your view to
generate a new one. As the last step, SwiftUI renders a new view if something
changed. The process of calculating a new _body_ depends on how deep is your
view hierarchy. Happily, we can replace SwiftUI diffing with our simplified
version whenever we know the better way to determine changes.

> To learn more about diffing, take a look at [ “You have to change mindset to
> use SwiftUI” post ](/2019/11/19/you-have-to-change-mindset-to-use-swiftui/)
> .

####  EquatableView

Sometimes we don’t need the true diffing of SwiftUI, or we want to ignore some
changes in data, and this is the exact place where we can use the
_EquatableView_ struct. _EquatableView_ struct is a wrapper for a _View_ , and
it also conforms to _View_ protocol. All you need to do to use _EquatableView_
is conforming your view to _Equatable_ protocol. Let’s take a simple look at a
good example.

    
    
    struct CalendarView: View, Equatable {
        let sleeps: [Date: [Sleep]]
        let dates: [Date]
    
        var body: some View {
            List {
                ForEach(dates, id: \.self) { date in
                    Section(header: Text("\(date, formatter: DateFormatter.mediumDate)")) {
                        ForEach(self.sleeps[date, default: []], id: \.id) { sleep in
                            CalendarRow(sleep: sleep)
                        }
                    }
                }
            }.listStyle(GroupedListStyle())
        }
    }
    

In the example above, you see the code from my NapBot app. It is a calendar
view that represents your sleep per day. I decide to replace SwiftUI diffing
with my own by adding _Equatable_ conformance. As you can see, it is a
straightforward process. You can go further by overriding _== function_ and
adding your custom logic there.

    
    
    struct CalendarView: View, Equatable {
        let sleeps: [Date: [Sleep]]
        let dates: [Date]
    
        var body: some View {
            List {
                ForEach(dates, id: \.self) { date in
                    Section(header: Text("\(date, formatter: DateFormatter.mediumDate)")) {
                        ForEach(self.sleeps[date, default: []], id: \.id) { sleep in
                            CalendarRow(sleep: sleep)
                        }
                    }
                }
            }.listStyle(GroupedListStyle())
        }
    
        static func == (lhs: Self, rhs: Self) -> Bool {
            lhs.sleeps.count == rhs.sleeps.count
        }
    }
    

Now we can wrap our _CalendarView_ with _EquatableView_ .

**Remember, you have to wrap your view with EquatableView to replace
standalone diffing with yours.**

    
    
    struct CalendarContainerView: View {
        @EnvironmentObject var store: CalendarStore
    
        var body: some View {
            EquatableView(
                CalendarView(
                    sleeps: store.sleeps,
                    dates: store.dates
                )
            ).onAppear(perform: store.fetch)
        }
    }
    

####  Equatable modifier

SwiftUI allows us to avoid wrapping with _EquatableView_ by using an equatable
modifier. Basically, it does the same thing but in a short way.

    
    
    struct CalendarContainerView: View {
        @EnvironmentObject var store: CalendarStore
    
        var body: some View {
            CalendarView(sleeps: store.sleeps, dates: store.dates)
                .equatable()
                .onAppear(perform: store.fetch)
        }
    }
    

####  Container views and equatable rendering views

It is so easy to add _Equatable_ conformance to your view when it only renders
some data. You even don’t need to override _== function_ . You can quickly
achieve this behavior by extracting your views into _Container_ and
_Rendering_ views. We already talked multiple times on my blog about
_Container_ and _Rendering_ views. _Rendering_ views simply take some data and
render it. That’s it.

_Rendering_ views should not contain any logic or state manipulations, and it
should delegate them to _Container_ views. This separation allows you to make
your _Rendering_ views conforming _Equatable_ in an effortless way.

> To learn more about _Container and Rendering views_ , take a look at my [
> “Introducing Container views in SwiftUI” post ](/2019/07/31/introducing-
> container-views-in-swiftui/) .

####  Conclusion

SwiftUI allows us to build our apps in a very new way, where the framework
itself applies a lot of magic behind the scene. But I’m delighted that SwiftUI
provides so many capabilities to customize default behavior. _EquatableView_
can boost performance when _body_ computation is longer than your equality
check. I hope you enjoy the post. Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions related to this post.
Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

