##  Performance testing in Swift using the XCTest framework

15 Mar 2023

In Swift, we can do performance testing using the XCTest framework, which is a
part of the Xcode development environment. XCTest provides a comprehensive set
of tools for writing, running, and analyzing unit and performance tests for
Swift applications. This week we will learn how to do performance testing in
Swift using the XCTest framework.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

The XCTest framework includes support for measuring the performance of
specific code paths in your application using XCTest’s performance testing
API. This API allows you to write tests that measure the execution time of a
particular block of code, and we can use it to measure how the performance of
your application changes over time as you make changes to your code.

To measure the performance of a specific code path, you can use the _measure_
function provided by the XCTest framework. This _function_ takes a closure
containing the code you want to measure, and it runs that code multiple times
to accurately measure its performance.

    
    
    import XCTest
    
    final class PerformanceTests: XCTestCase {
        func testPerformanceOfMyFunction() {
            self.measure {
                myFunction()
            }
        }
    }
    

When you run this test, the _measure_ function will run the code inside the
closure multiple times and calculate the average execution time. It will also
report the minimum and maximum execution times

Remember that we should use the _measure_ function to measure the performance
of small code paths, such as a single method or function. Don’t use the
_measure_ function to measure the performance of an entire application or a
large portion of code, as this can lead to inaccurate results.

To test the performance of larger code paths, we can use another overload of
the _measure_ function, allowing us to specify a particular metric or set of
metrics to measure while testing.

    
    
    import XCTest
    
    final class PerformanceTests: XCTestCase {
        var app: XCUIApplication!
    
        override func setUp() {
            continueAfterFailure = false
            app = XCUIApplication()
            app.launch()
        }
        
        func testPerformanceOfSearchFlow() {
             self.measure(metrics: [XCTMemoryMetric()]) {
                SearchScreen(app: app)
                    .goToSearch()
                    .query("Pasta")
                    .verifyResults(contains: "Pasta")
            }
        }
    }
    

As you can see in the example above, we create an instance of the
_XCTMemoryMetric_ type to measure only memory usage. There are a bunch of
available metric types like _XCTApplicationLaunchMetric_ , _XCTMemoryMetric_ ,
_XCTCPUMetric_ , _XCTStorageMetric_ , _XCTClockMetric_ , and
_XCTOSSignpostMetric_ .

> To learn about the Page Object pattern I’ve used in the example above, take
> a look at my [ “UI Testing using Page Object pattern in Swift”
> ](/2021/03/24/ui-testing-using-page-object-pattern-in-swift/) post.

You can use these measurements to optimize the performance of your code by
identifying any bottlenecks or areas where the execution time is longer than
expected.

In this article, we’ve explored the XCTest framework and its capabilities for
performance testing in Swift. We’ve learned how to write and run performance
tests using the XCTest framework. I hope you enjoy the post. Feel free to
follow me on [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions
related to this post. Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

Written by ChatGPT, redacted by Majid Jabrayilov.

