##  Sidebar navigation in SwiftUI

21 Jul 2020

We already covered master-detail navigation in SwiftUI on my blog. But today,
I want to talk about the new three-column navigation that landed this year
into iOS and macOS worlds. We will learn how to build a sidebar navigation
flow by using _NavigationView_ in SwiftUI.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

A sidebar provides app-level navigation and quick access to top-level
collections of content in your app. Selecting an item in the sidebar allows
people to navigate to a specific piece of content. For example, the sidebar in
Mail shows a list of all mailboxes. People can select a mailbox to access its
list of messages, and select a specific message to display in the content
pane.

![sidebar](/public/sidebar.png)

Let’s build a prototype of a mail app that uses three-column navigation.
SwiftUI provides _NavigationView_ that allows us to create a master-detail
flow. You can put up to three children inside a _NavigationView_ . In this
case, SwiftUI will place views side-by-side. But let’s start with declaring
our data model.

    
    
    import SwiftUI
    
    struct Mail: Identifiable, Hashable {
        let id = UUID()
        let date: Date
        let subject: String
        let body: String
        var isFavorited = false
    }
    
    final class MailStore: ObservableObject {
        @Published var allMails: [String: [Mail]] = [
            "Inbox": [ .init(date: Date(), subject: "Subject1", body: "Very long body...") ],
            "Sent": [ .init(date: Date(), subject: "Subject2", body: "Very long body...") ],
        ]
    }
    

> To learn about building navigation using _NavigationView_ and
> _NavigationLink_ , take a look at my [ “Navigation in SwiftUI”
> ](/2019/07/17/navigation-in-swiftui/) post.

In the listing above, we create a simple mail store that we will use as a
datastore for our prototype. Now let’s move forward by implementing the first
column of our navigation flow.

    
    
    struct Sidebar: View {
        @ObservedObject var store: MailStore
        @Binding var selectedFolder: String?
        @Binding var selectedMail: Mail?
    
        var body: some View {
            List {
                ForEach(Array(store.allMails.keys), id: \.self) { folder in
                    NavigationLink(
                        destination: FolderView(
                            title: folder,
                            mails: store.allMails[folder, default: []],
                            selectedMail: $selectedMail
                        ),
                        tag: folder,
                        selection: $selectedFolder
                    ) {
                        Text(folder).font(.headline)
                    }
                }
            }.listStyle(SidebarListStyle())
        }
    }
    

As you can see, we create a view called sidebar. It needs an instance of store
object to access our emails and two bindings that we will use to bind the
current folder and selected email. We also use the new _SidebarListStyle_ to
apply a brand new styling to our list that available on iOS 14 and macOS Big
Sur.

    
    
    struct FolderView: View {
        let title: String
        let mails: [Mail]
        @Binding var selectedMail: Mail?
    
        var body: some View {
            List {
                ForEach(mails) { mail in
                    NavigationLink(
                        destination: MailView(mail: mail),
                        tag: mail,
                        selection: $selectedMail
                    ) {
                        VStack(alignment: .leading) {
                            Text(mail.subject)
                            Text(mail.date, style: .date)
                        }
                    }
                }
            }.navigationTitle(title)
        }
    }
    

Here we have the _FolderView_ struct that we use to display a list of emails
in the folder. _FolderView_ also needs the binding for a selected email.
Whenever the user selects an email in the list, SwiftUI sets the value of the
binding and updates the view hierarchy. Now let’s take a look at _MailView_ .

    
    
    struct MailView: View {
        let mail: Mail
    
        var body: some View {
            VStack(alignment: .leading) {
                Text(mail.subject)
                    .font(.headline)
                Text(mail.date, style: .date)
                Text(mail.body)
            }
        }
    }
    

OK, now we have all the needed pieces to build our three-column navigation
flow. As I mentioned earlier, we will put our column views inside a
_NavigationView_ .

    
    
    @main
    struct TestProjectApp: App {
        @StateObject var store = MailStore()
        @State private var selectedLabel: String? = "Inbox"
        @State private var selectedMail: Mail?
    
        var body: some Scene {
            WindowGroup {
                NavigationView {
                    Sidebar(
                        store: store,
                        selectedFolder: $selectedLabel,
                        selectedMail: $selectedMail
                    )
    
                    Text("Select label...")
                    Text("Select mail...")
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

As you can see, we have _NavigationView_ , which is the root of our app scene.
We also define two state properties which describe selected label and email.
We pass bindings to these state properties down into the view hierarchy, it
allows us to programmatically navigate to the selected folder and mail when
needed. You can remove these bindings if you don’t need programmatic
navigation.

Thanks to SwiftUI’s declarative nature, the code above works great both on
iPhone, where it uses the single column navigation and iPad where is uses
sidebar navigation.

Sidebar navigation plays a huge role in new [ Human Interface Guidelines
](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-
guidelines/ios/bars/sidebars/) . It is effortless to implement in SwiftUI
using _NavigationView_ . I hope you enjoy the post. Feel free to follow me on
[ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions related to this
article. Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

