##  SwiftUI learning curve in 2019

31 Dec 2019

This year we had a massive change in iOS development world. We got a SwiftUI
framework. SwiftUI is a brand new declarative way of building apps for Apple
ecosystem. Let’s build our learning curve. I want to share with you the list
of all the needed posts to learn SwiftUI.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

####  Basics

Apple did an excellent job this year by creating the SwiftUI [ tutorials page
](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/) . I suggest starting with
those tutorials to learn the basics of SwiftUI.

One of the new features of the Swift language powering SwiftUI framework is
property wrappers. To learn about the most important property wrappers like
_@State, @Binding, @ObservedObject, @EnvironmentObject, and @Environment_ read
my [ “Understanding Property Wrappers in SwiftUI” ](/2019/06/12/understanding-
property-wrappers-in-swiftui/) post.

Another post that I wrote about the mechanics of SwiftUI is [ “You have to
change mindset to use SwiftUI” ](/2019/11/19/you-have-to-change-mindset-to-
use-swiftui/) . It should help you to understand how SwiftUI works under the
hood.

####  Layout system

SwiftUI also has a brand new layout system, which I enjoy much more than
AutoLayout. The new layout system is very powerful and straightforward. I
highly suggest you read these posts to understand the new layout system and
its benefits.

  1. [ SwiftUI Layout System ](https://kean.github.io/post/swiftui-layout-system)
  2. [ Alignment guides in SwiftUI ](/2020/03/11/alignment-guides-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ The magic of view preferences in SwiftUI ](/2020/01/15/the-magic-of-view-preferences-in-swiftui/)
  4. [ Anchor preferences in SwiftUI ](/2020/03/18/anchor-preferences-in-swiftui/)
  5. [ Inspecting the View Tree – Part 3: Nested Views ](https://swiftui-lab.com/communicating-with-the-view-tree-part-3/)

####  Architecture

SwiftUI has a lot of similarities with _React_ framework, which brings many
new concepts to iOS development. I’ve built a few apps using those ideas and
really like how it works. Here is the list of useful posts.

  1. [ Introducing Container views in SwiftUI ](/2019/07/31/introducing-container-views-in-swiftui/)
  2. [ Modeling app state using Store objects in SwiftUI ](/2019/09/04/modeling-app-state-using-store-objects-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ Redux-like state container in SwiftUI ](/2019/09/18/redux-like-state-container-in-swiftui/)

####  Declarative nature of SwiftUI

SwiftUI is a declarative framework. It means you declare what you want to
achieve, and the framework takes care of that and decides how to render your
views. The very same view can have another look, depending on the context. I
wrote a few posts about the declarative approach in SwiftUI.

  1. [ Building forms with SwiftUI ](/2019/06/19/building-forms-with-swiftui/)
  2. [ View composition in SwiftUI ](/2019/10/30/view-composition-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ Reusing SwiftUI views across Apple platforms ](/2019/10/23/reusing-swiftui-views-across-apple-platforms/)
  4. [ ViewModifiers in SwiftUI ](/2019/08/07/viewmodifiers-in-swiftui/)
  5. [ Composable styling in SwiftUI ](/2019/08/28/composable-styling-in-swiftui/)

####  Animations and interactions

SwiftUI handles all the state changes using animations just for free for you.
It allows us to build interactive views in a very straightforward and nice
way. I covered this topic many times on my blog.

  1. [ Animations in SwiftUI ](/2019/06/26/animations-in-swiftui/)
  2. [ Gestures in SwiftUI ](/2019/07/10/gestures-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ Building Bottom sheet in SwiftUI ](/2019/12/11/building-bottom-sheet-in-swiftui/)
  4. [ Building Pager view in SwiftUI ](/2019/12/25/building-pager-view-in-swiftui/)

I also want to mention the excellent series of posts by [ Javier
](https://swiftui-lab.com) about advanced animations in SwiftUI.

  1. [ Advanced SwiftUI Animations – Part 1: Paths ](https://swiftui-lab.com/swiftui-animations-part1/)
  2. [ Advanced SwiftUI Animations – Part 2: GeometryEffect ](https://swiftui-lab.com/swiftui-animations-part2/)
  3. [ Advanced SwiftUI Animations – Part 3: AnimatableModifier ](https://swiftui-lab.com/swiftui-animations-part3/)

####  Accessibility

SwiftUI did another step to make our apps accessible by default. It works very
well out of the box, but it also provides a very nice API to customize the
accessibility tree. To learn more about accessibility in SwiftUI, I suggest
reading these articles:

  1. [ Accessibility in SwiftUI ](/2019/09/10/accessibility-in-swiftui/)
  2. [ Dynamic Type in SwiftUI ](/2019/10/09/dynamic-type-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ Localization in SwiftUI ](/2019/10/16/localization-in-swiftui/)

####  Drawing custom views

SwiftUI provides a lovely _Shape API_ that allows us to build custom views
quickly. I learned it while making charts in one of my apps.

  1. [ Building BarChart with Shape API in SwiftUI ](/2019/08/14/building-barchart-with-shape-api-in-swiftui/)
  2. [ Gradient in SwiftUI ](/2019/11/13/gradient-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ GeometryReader to the Rescue ](https://swiftui-lab.com/geometryreader-to-the-rescue/)

####  Unique features

SwiftUI has unique features like _Environment_ and _Preferences_ , which we
don’t have in _UIKit_ . To learn more about these features, take a look at the
next posts.

  1. [ The power of Environment in SwiftUI ](/2019/08/21/the-power-of-environment-in-swiftui/)
  2. [ The magic of view preferences in SwiftUI ](/2020/01/15/the-magic-of-view-preferences-in-swiftui/)
  3. [ The power of @ViewBuilder in SwiftUI ](/2019/12/18/the-power-of-viewbuilder-in-swiftui/)

####  Conclusion

It was a huge year, and I hope we will get SwiftUI 2.0 with a lot of new
features during WWDC 2020. We have many things to learn until the next release
of SwiftUI. Let’s say thanks to our awesome community which wrote all these
articles. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!

