##  Template-view pattern in SwiftUI

13 May 2020

Today I want to share with you a technique that I use a lot in SwiftUI. It
helps me to solve the problem when I need to place a vertical or horizontal
stack with equal-sized views that support Dynamic Type. I didn’t find the
right name for this approach and call it template-view.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

Assume that you’re working on a view that should represent an average heart
rate for every day of the week. I would implement that view using a horizontal
stack with text components.

    
    
    struct WeekView: View {
        let heartRates: [Int]
    
        var body: some View {
            HStack {
                ForEach(self.heartRates, id: \.self) { hr in
                    Text(String(hr))
                        .padding(4)
                        .background(Color.purple)
                        .cornerRadius(4)
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

![template-view](/public/template1.png)

Pretty easy, right? But this code has one issue. Every view inside the
horizontal stack has a different size based on its text content. The
fundamental layout system rule says that every view in SwiftUI calculates its
size and sends it back to the parent.

> To learn more about the layout system in SwiftUI, take a look at my [
> “Layout priorities in SwiftUI” ](/2020/04/15/layout-priorities-in-swiftui/)
> post.

I want to make all views in the horizontal stack the same size. We can easily
solve the issue by adding the _frame_ modifier to fix the size for every view.

    
    
    struct WeekView: View {
        let heartRates: [Int]
    
        var body: some View {
            HStack {
                ForEach(self.heartRates, id: \.self) { hr in
                    Text(String(hr))
                        .frame(width: 40, height: 40, alignment: .center)
                        .background(Color.purple)
                        .cornerRadius(4)
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

![template-view](/public/template2.png)

Looks nice, but what about Dynamic Type? My users can change the font size in
system settings, and I want respect that font size configuration. It is
impossible with _frame_ modifier because it just sets the size of the view and
doesn’t support Dynamic Type. Let’s see what happens when I increase the font
size in system settings.

![template-view](/public/template3.png)

> To learn more about the benefits of Dynamic Type, take a look at my [
> “Dynamic Type in SwiftUI” ](/2019/10/09/dynamic-type-in-swiftui/) post.

As you can see, the _frame_ modifier creates additional problems for us. It is
a perfect time to introduce a template-view here.

    
    
    struct WeekView: View {
        let heartRates: [Int]
    
        var body: some View {
            HStack {
                ForEach(self.heartRates, id: \.self) { hr in
                    Text("190")
                        .hidden()
                        .padding(4)
                        .background(Color.purple)
                        .cornerRadius(4)
                        .overlay(Text(String(hr)))
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

It might look strange, but let me describe what happens here. First of all, I
create a hidden text component with some stub value that I think should have
the largest width. SwiftUI doesn’t show a hidden view but still calculates its
size, and this hidden view supports Dynamic Type.

We use an overlay to display content on top of the background that we have
configured using the template-view. The benefit of using overlay is the
ability to place the view in the center of template-view and limit its size
with the size of template-view.

![template-view](/public/template4.png)

Remember that we have to use the same font size both for template-view and the
overlay to support Dynamic Type and to keep layout correct. As soon as the
user changes the font size in system settings, template-view reacts by
recalculating its size and providing more or less room for its overlay
depending on user preferred font size.

####  Dynamic Type for images

Dynamic Type is not something connected only to text. Assume that you have a
button with an image and text label.

    
    
    Button(action: { print("Hello!")}) {
        HStack {
            Image("icon")
                .resizable()
                .frame(width: 24, height: 24, alignment: .center)
            Text("Press me")
        }
    }
    

What happens when the user increases the font size? SwiftUI increases the size
of the text component, but image size stays the same. It might look really
weird, but how can I change the size of the image according to the text?

    
    
    Button(action: { print("Hello!")}) {
        HStack {
            Text("00")
                .font(.title)
                .hidden()
                .overlay(
                    Image("icon")
                        .resizable()
                        .scaledToFit()
                )
            Text("Press me")
        }
    }
    

As you can see, we use the very same approach by creating a template-view. We
display a resizable image in the overlay of the hidden text. SwiftUI resizes
the image in the overlay as soon as the template-view changes according to
system font settings.

####  Conclusion

Dynamic Type is essential, and I believe that every app should support and
respect user-defined font size. Template-view is a great way to limit the size
of your view but also appreciate the Dynamic Type. I hope you enjoy the post.
Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your
questions related to this post. Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

