##  Writing idiomatic Swift code

01 Apr 2021

Today is a great day to start learning iOS development. iOS development
evolves every year and brings us new things to learn. This post should be
valuable for the people who move to Swift from another programming language.
This week we will talk about Swift idioms and how to write idiomatic Swift
code.

**Enhancing the Xcode Simulators.**  
Compare designs, show rulers, add a grid, quick actions for recent builds.
Create recordings with touches & audio, trim and export them into MP4 or GIF
and share them anywhere using drag & drop. Add bezels to screenshots and
videos. [ Try now ](https://gumroad.com/a/931293139/ftvbh)

Swift language encourages you to write safe, fast, and expressive code. It
provides you all the needed programming language features to allow you to
write safe and bug-free code.

####  Reference and Value types

Swift language provides you reference and value types. Reference types are
classes and closures. Classes are fundamental building blocks in Object-
Oriented Programming. Value types are structs and enums. The main difference
between them is the lifecycle. Swift copies value for value types when you
pass it around. On the other hand, Swift copies reference for reference types
when you pass them.

What does it mean for us? Classes allow us to share mutable states by sharing
a reference to the data. For example, if you need to have a piece of data
shared between different components and every component should have an
opportunity to mutate the shared state, class is a way to go. For all other
cases, value types are what you need.

    
    
    class SharedState {
        var a: Int = 0
    
        func increment() {
            a += 1
        }
    }
    
    func foo(reference: SharedState) {
        reference.increment()
    }
    
    var reference = SharedState()
    print(reference.a)
    foo(reference: reference)
    print(reference.a)
    

Here we have a class called _SharedState_ , and we pass it inside a function
and mutate it, then we print it outside the function. We model _SharedState_
as a class because we need a shared state that we can mutate. We can’t do the
same with structs because value types encourage immutability.

####  Enums

Enum is a great way to model an exclusive piece of state. I love enums, and it
is one of my favorite Swift language features that allow us to build a very
type-safe code. Let’s take a look at the example that defines possible sorting
options in my app.

    
    
    enum Sorting {
        case price
        case reviews
        case date
    }
    
    let sorting: Sorting = .price
    
    switch sorting {
    case .price: print("price")
    case .date: print("date")
    case .reviews: print("reviews")
    }
    
    if sorting == .date {
        print("date")
    }
    

Enums are great and even more powerful with associated values for particular
cases.

    
    
    enum Action {
        case updateTimeline
        case sharePost(String)
        case deletePost(UUID)
    }
    
    let action: Action = .updateTimeline
    
    switch action {
    case .updateTimeline:
        print("update timeline...")
    case let .deletePost(id):
        print("deleting post: \(id)")
    case let .sharePost(content):
        print("sharing post with text: \(content)")
    }
    

Now we can use the **switch** with **case let** to extract the associated
values for every case. But remember that we should use enums for mutually
exclusive cases. You can always use structs with static fields for inclusive
cases.

    
    
    // Bad
    enum Regex {
        case email
        case username
        case other(String)
    }
    
    // Good
    struct Regex {
        let pattern: String
    
        static let email = Regex(pattern: "regex for email")
        static let username = Regex(pattern: "regex for username")
    }
    
    let other = Regex(pattern: "another regex")
    

####  Optionals

Another language feature that Swift provides us to write type-safe code is
optionals. Swift types can’t be _nil_ unless you define them as optional. In
this case, the Swift compiler will require to handle all the usages where the
value can be _nil_ .

    
    
    let nonOptionalInteger: Int = 3
    let optionalInteger: Int? = 3
    
    func print(integer: Int) {
        print(integer)
    }
    
    print(integer: optionalInteger ?? 0)
    
    if let value = optionalInteger {
        print(integer: value)
    }
    
    // Compiler error
    // Value of optional type 'Int?' must be unwrapped to a value of type 'Int'
    print(integer: optionalInteger)
    

As you can see, we have to use **?** after the type name in case of optionals.
We can use **??** operator to provide a default value whenever value is not
available, or we can use **if let** expression to extract the optional value
and use it inside the inner scope.

####  Conclusion

Swift programming language evolves very fast. The core team is constantly
considering the feedback that developers provide and add new features to the
Swift language. To write more idiomatic code, you should also learn about
pattern matching, protocols, generics, and functional programming in Swift. I
hope you enjoy the post. Feel free to follow me on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/mecid) and ask your questions related to this post.
Thanks for reading, and see you next week!

  1. [ Using protocols as composable extensions ](/2019/01/17/using-protocols-as-composable-extensions/)
  2. [ Phantom types in Swift ](/2021/02/18/phantom-types-in-swift/)
  3. [ Pattern Matching with case let ](/2019/02/06/pattern-matching-with-case-let/)
  4. [ Building networking layer using functions ](/2020/01/08/building-networking-layer-using-functions/)

